You're the reason why your last boyfriend went straight. 
Ah, VEGAN. I misread that as "virgin" and though "no way in hell." You've probably has more meat in your mouth than Joey Chestnut. 
The Prius thing only matters when you're the one who bought it, unless you're wanting us to roast your parents for buying it for you? Speaking of which, who do plan on taking care of you when they get sick of your shit?
I guess eating dicks is vegan.
Vegan and chuck E cheese, wow I bet the kids you serve even look down on you.
I don't even know you, but I hate everything about you. 
You're every college liberal's wet dream. Well, at least before they wake up and dump your for someone with a future
You misspelled virgin 
You look like a bollywood knockoff of Ellen Page
Huh. I thought the band of weird looking creatures was animatronic. Learn something new every day! 
You are what they call a "bottom twink"
You look like Timon from The Lion King if he had to go undercover in a middleschool.
you are the reason pekingese dog shirts exist
I see your Bisexual friend posted here too. Are you his version of a 2 for 1 deal?
I saw the title without looking at the picture and thought "another feminist lesbian", to my surprise, it was way worse 
Wait how can he afford a Prius while working at Chuck. E. Cheese? I mean I know some dads tip for handjobs but he's obviously giving them out for free
Working at Chuck E Cheese with a denim jacket and a backwards hat. Are you hoping to find the 90's at the bottom of a puke covered ball pit?
Vegans I know still eat meat. Just sayin'
All I read in the title was "I like to suck on my boyfriends dong in the back of my gay mobile, but only when he washes real well... I hate Fromunda Cheese" 
First thing out of his mouth is I'm Vegan, only eats man meat.
Well we all know pussy is NOT part of the vegan diet now!
I bet you're in that other dudes "indie rock band" aren't you. Let me guess, 3 guitars and drums, all dudes, heavy distortion on at least one of them, high pitched lead vocals that you can kinda make out over the noise, lyrics are uncomfortably awkward and emotional, and you have three fans all of which are your parents.
Your t-shirts of illustrated wildlife are quite literally the only claim to masculinity that you will ever have.
FUCKING FAGGOT 
[removed]