You're not bisexual; you're just taking anything that comes your way. Which still happens to be nothing. 
Ah, another teen who defines themselves by their sexuality, how original. I bet you have the personality uniqueness of an Ikea end table.
The maths is fine going bisexual - although you run the risk of pushing some queers back over the heterosexual line.   But given your look and the fact that you have the sexual magnetism of a tub of rancid butter, maybe buy-sexual is a more practical way of essentially bribing people to compromise their ethical standards for money.   Just imagine now, going forward, you can waste your savings forcing a person to do something unpleasant and you can both walk away dirtier and poorer for the experience.   Gosh,  you're just like a superhero architect of guilt, sorrow and dismayed reluctance,  all held together with the emotional glue - well goo actually - harvested from unaffordable yet worthless failed sexual episodes with rent-boys and whores of dubious quality.   Congratulations on your impending legacy of financial and moral bankruptcy, and ultimately.... Personal ruin.   What a mensch.   --------------------------------------------------------------  (Despite all I just wrote,  you're a good sport and I hope you enjoy your weekend mate) 
If we don't are you going to blog about it? 
Doubling your chances or rejection
Bisexual doesn't mean only two people on earth are willing to fuck you dude.
http://imgur.com/rAcaV1V http://imgur.com/V9HC0zg http://imgur.com/1YQ0R3k Please tell us which one is your boyfriend.
God damn Silent Bob you look like fucking hell nowadays.
doubling the sexes you're interested in won't generate interest, 2x0 is still 0
Looks like kevin smith lost another 10lbs
Now you can get twice the amount of restraining orders a creepy straight guy could.
This boy looks like Fozzie bear lmaoo 
I'm betting it's more like asexual 
Looks like Hurley from Lost discovered WeightWatchers...
Awesome, now you will get rejected by 100% of the population. 
THERES NO CRYING IN /R/ROASTME!
So you take it at both ends. Lovely. 
Nancy, what are you doing tonight?
It doesn't count as bisexual if you like little girls and boys.
Says bisexual cause can't admit to parents he's just gay
You look like a Mario Bros. boss monster that didn't make the cut.
A bisexual by necessity 
You're bisexual and unappealing to both sexes
Is neithersexual a thing?
you look like you just finished raping your jewish friend
A bisexual, a jew and a vegan get into a bar...
Samwise having trouble with the ladies and thinks he could get his dick sucked by a dude. Fat chance.
A bisexual, a jew and a vegan get into bed...
[deleted]