Taking selfies during a break of filming gay porn?
I just threw up a little.
You look like Theon Greyjoy, post-Ramsay.
What the hell is it with chicks and duck face? 
With all things considered (no tats, scars, plugs, piercings and other trailer trashy body art), -Doc is cute,  And I know about these things.
Hand cast? Where did you get it, at one of your very many shitty DJ gigs? DJ Brojob in da house!
Try harder on those arms you seem so proud about. 
You're really taking that limp wrist thing to an extreme  
You look one of the guys that is first to gets his ass kicked in a Steven Segal movie
What the hell is wrong with your face?
[deleted]
You look like the kind of jock who spends the majority of the season warming the bench because any time you're sent out to play, you try to pick a fight with another player. Your favorite phrase is "Fuck you, Dad," your mother spends her time telling everyone "it's just a phase, he'll grow out of it," and you will always be remembered as the kid who showed up to prom wasted and started crying after your date wouldn't give you a blowie in the parking lot. Warm enough? 
Sent the same pic to his BF asking if he likes his Dick Sucking Lips
Why did you crop out the wheelchair? 
Labeled NSFW because once you see this face you'll set fire to the building.
You look like you could tell us exactly how warm luke was.
All I can hear is bad techno music 
Broke your hand fisting yourself? I'm mildly impressed. 
Proving that if you don't alternate arms when attempting to de-virgin yourself , the one arm gets all the action !!
Faggots like you are the reason people come up with stereotypes like gay hipsters and aids. Then again aids is an understatement, you have so much more. PS. where's your tattoo      
even perez hilton calls you up and admonishes you for being too gay and looking too much like a weird man-pig face...
acne
You're hand looks like Chris Elliot's little deformed hand in Scary Movie 2. You're such a disgrace to the Aryan race, Hitler would have personally thrown you into a gas chamber 
I see you broke your arm patting yourself on the back there hoss.
This one is mine!  I'm an expert on how to deal with bitches like this.
#NICE!   Got my hikin vikin blood a boiling