You stay away from Boston marathons okay? 
The inbetweeners called they don't want you back.
Why does all of that IT equipment look like band instruments?
That drum is the only thing you will ever bang. 
You look like the type of guy who would get rejected at a glory hole 
A class ring? I've shit out more personality than someone who wears a class ring in public. That, and you decided to take a picture of you in the music room at your high school which means you are one of three things:  1. A pedophile  2. Someone who has no involvement in the music program but wanted to feel better about bullying band students expecting the insults to focus on that, or  3. A band student which means the girl that broke your heart was the last chance you'll have at a normal life and you're here posting on Reddit while that boat just slowly inches towards the skyline, taking with it any chance of you spending your Friday nights anywhere but on r/gonewild for the next 5 years. 
I can't believe you actually took a break from eating to take this photo 
I bet you play the bass drum you untalented slob
Looks like you might have wrote that on the back of the list that was made for the reasons that you are still a virgin?
She's probably sucking his dick right now. 
I'm going to be honest, this picture looks really disgusting, everything in it.
&gt;Not like my heart hasn't broke already.  Gee, I wonder why you can't get out of the friend zone.
Did you comb your hair with a pillow?
Is your heart broken because they ran out of nachos at the cafeteria? 
That sandwich has more personality than you
It's kinda creepy when the teacher hangs out with the students. Especially uninvited. 
Whats the name and instrument of the person who broke your heart? I bet it was Mike and the instrument was a rusty trombone.
Looks like you dug your crushes sandwich out of the trash, you probably have a lock of her hair in your locker or her decaying body in your basement 
Look at that blood ring on his finger. 
I bet you thought that sandwich was a dick when you bought it
Not the only foot long you put in your mouth today.  
Oh goodie you got a class ring. So you going to the prom with the dude?
That class ring man, put it in a drawer. You have plenty of time to look like a sad old man when you grow up. 
At least he brought a sandwich to eat while occupying the friend zone for the rest of his life. 
Your hearts been broken? I call bullshit.
Your boyfriend/girlfriend left you because that shit sandwich you're clutching is the most appropriate metaphor for your shit life in existence. That pasty, bland, unappealing mashup of week-old turkey, stale bread, broken dreams, and  low self-esteem is you, my friend. And let's face it: no one wants to put their mouth on that..
Oh look, another high-school dweeb who thinks he knows what it's like to be in love!