Wow, a rare miss for Pixar.
I can see your voice cracking
I know u have a youtube channel for minecraft
Pedophiles won't touch you because you always want to hang out and play video games afterwards 
You look like a Velociraptor doing an impression of a human.
We all wish your mother had gargled too.
Wow, so you're so unlikable that the drama kids made you a set builder 
You have that "I'm really good at video games" physique
[deleted]
You look like your made from spare parts. Crab legs for fingers, the tiny arms of a T-Rex, the head of a puppet, and I'm not sure your knees don't bend both ways. 
You are a prison 10 my friend 
Looks like you sold Scooby Doo for meth.
You look like a rejected Disney Character who went on to do tons of heroin.
I can't imagine how many times your parents lost you whenever there was a 5mph wind outside.
Your head makes up a quarter of your body.
I bet your head itself and the rest of your body weight equally.
Sorry, only for people over 13 Jimmy Neutron!
Holy shit...  You need to gain some weight. The only way to do that is to put something in your mouth *besides* a dick. 
You look like someone who likes a girl who is alright looking, but she chooses someone else who is a total tool, instead of you. Then when they inevitably break up, you think she will go to you, but she doesn't because no one wants to be with you.
I'm so proud of you for finding a reason to smile despite your downs. Stay strong, kid. Don't let the haters get to you. 
Hate isn't the only thing you're begging to gargle.
I've seen some human trash on this subreddit, but Jesus man.   Your smile itself is making me cringe, and I can just hear your stupid nasally voice looking at this picture. I imagine most of your days are spent with you fully slouched in a computer chair that's completely calcified with your semen and looking at Hasbro collectibles with your uncircumcised flaccid dick between your sickening pinky finger and thumb. 
Gargle? Did your dads teach you that word? 
You look like a reverse carrot
you look like one of the elfs from the rudolph the red nose reindeer movie.  
You make blind kids cry
You look like a real life troll doll  https://img1.etsystatic.com/007/0/6246629/il_570xN.471425251_de2k.jpg
I bet you'd gargle anything for a quarter.
It's sad that the [fucking swaggy 15 year old rapper](https://i.imgur.com/LczGKZa.jpg) is probably more liked than you. I mean, at least he can choose non-abysmal clothes.
You look like if Ron Weasly had a sex change decided he didn't like it and then tried to go back. 
You should be in an advertisement for paternity testing and eugenics.
you look like woody and fix it felix got meled together in a microwave 
You look like an overused q-tip.
You look like a tall ass kindergartner
Boiii this nigga look like OpTic scumpers brother. Nigga ya eats shaped liked sattelite dishes. Why ya nose so damn big? This nigga NOSE when u sleepin he NOSE he ainy ready for this roast. This the outcome of beastlity with a T-rex nigga, nigga hands jank as fuck, boi that neck lomg as fuck, you drink hot chocolate and it gets cold by the time it hit the other side of that girraffe neck ass nigga 
I'm going to print off your picture and put it on my door for Halloween, it will terrify the children and possibly some of their parents as well. 
I'm sorry, this is just too easy.
Hearts, stars, horseshoes, clovers and money shots for this one. 
You look like your body stopped growing when you were a fetus but your head continued 
He thinks he's people!
You look like someone starved a virgin to death 
You look like an anorexic shrek 
You look like an anorexic peter pan. 
I bet you are one hell of a gargler with that fucking giraffe neck 
You're a discount palsy Peter Pan-looking mother fucker. 
Are you sure you want to do that? I'll bet cum and hate taste awful together. 
Your hair looks like you did something magical.  I can't do it little homie.  Pubes will kick in and you will beast up.  Just don't go full carrot top lil bro.
I thought 12 and under wasn't allowed here.
Where's Scooby?
Dude, you look like a bobble-head 
I see you gobbling more than just hate.
I'm a little late to the barbeque but your hands look like aye-aye hands
It's cool to see Scott Tenorman is doing good things now.
You look like you dance worse than Drake
You look like you've commented "darude-sandstorm" on 300+ youtube videos this week
You are the reason God invented bullying.
http://www-archive.cgsociety.org/stories/2012_06/brave/kids.jpg
Your fingers are longer than the rest of your body. 
I'm sure the dont ask dont tell policy is still effect in your house
You're skinny in comparison to concentration camp survivors. 
[deleted]
Methhead Andrew Garfield
Do you try to look like a ventriliquist's doll or do you just like getting your ass fisted?
Recess bell! !!
not the only thing you're gonna be gargling this weekend...
You are literally the epitome of a virgin, a nerd, disgusting, and well I don't want to get too mean, so I'm gonna go
Congrats on having the body of a 10 year old girl
You have the body of a frail, old man and the face of a slightly younger, frail, old man
You look like you've gargled enough already.
Do you resent your parents for not getting you vaccinated now that you have polio?
Your mother should have gargled your father's hate so that this abomination wouldn't look like an antiathiest abortion.
Good to see the National Association for Anorexia got a new spokesperson. 
I want to but the side bar specifically says not to roast people with mental difficulties 
[deleted]
Seriously, what the fuck are you?
Damn shaggy would it kill you go outside once and while so your skin isn't like a light bulb
You are the real life representation of shaggy, with a haircut maybe. Maybe.
I was going to say your future would be shit, but i see you already braced yourself.
Always gets casted as an elf for the Christmas play. 
Cheats: big head mode - enabled 
You look like Linguini from Ratatouille. Except you use the rat to suck off your tiny-ass dick instead of making delicious food. 
a light breeze could snap you in half
Gargle down a cheeseburger you thin, down syndromed fuck
Looks like that was the only thing you put in your mouth.  Eat some food!
1/3 Jimmy Neutron, 1/3 Opie Taylor, 1/3 Pinocchio.
something tells me your gargling more that just hate(aka: dicks)
You look like a young Shaggy from Scooby Doo. 
That's not the only thing you'll be gargling, action-figure boy.
You look like you Pinky's body, but Brain's head.   NARF!!!
If Ron Weasley were suicidal
Peter Pan was a ginger! 
Really? You just gunna softball it in like that?
I see you're good at gargling hate *almost* as good as you gargle semen.
if Shaggy from Scooby Doo had sex with Tinkerbell from Peter Pan. That'll be you...you weird and warped thread of DNA, you...
Your head weighs the same as the rest of your body.
Ohh honey
I really cant believe there is someone out there that looks like this...
Are you Frodo Baggins being sucked into a black hole?
i wont make fun of you since progeria aint a joke
I never understood why people always said redheads have no soul. After seeing you, I now know better.
Does gargling hate sound the same as gargling cum?
Looks like Shaggy hasn't hit puberty yet.
Are you on a play set? I bet you've always wanted to play a normal and socially accepted boy. 
You look like you frequently eat dog treats and run away from guys in shitty ghost costumes
You're the byproduct of Ron Weasley fucking a kid with Polio.
I don't know, I think anything actually going into your mouth and down your esophagus might be too foreign for you to handle.
You can decide between using cursive or print, just like you can't decide between being a man or woman. 
You look like a holocaust survivor.
You're SO YOUNG, you can't enlist in the military!
I bet you're the first kid Michael Jackson touched.
OH wow. Looks like you found theater. Good for you. Enjoy it, I hope it feels like you fit in.  Just know that you're investing against your future happiness.  Because you'll hate yourself for it.
Zoinks Scoob! Looks like he's fallen out of the Mystery Machine!
6'5 95 pound lookin ass 
you peter pan-looking motherfucker
COME ON MUSCULAR DYSTROPHY
how does your body balance your head?
You look like you "decided" you were gay before you even popped your first boner. 
*Awwww*, it's so cute!
I didn't know the Keebler elfs had dental care?
You're the Weasley sibling born from an affair with the Cheshire Cat.
You look like what would happen if Woody had to pay off his crack debt to a Keebler elf with unsafe sex. 
You're the only boy Jared Fogel paid to leave before sex.
Your daddy made you gargle enough cum as it is.
If I give you a sock will you kill yourself?
Ill let you gargle on my dick
Shaggy before Scooby Doo and weed.
You look like a Keebler elf that got lost
You look like you do more vomiting than gargling
[removed]
Is it you shaggy?
Fuck I'm lucky to be me and not that guy.
A skinny ginger with crooked teeth.  My friend, genetics has roasted you. 
the only thing you are gargling is your uncles cum
You look like a rare, autistic bobble head.
Shouldn't you be in a tree making cookies?
It's too early for Elf on the Shelf!
I really hope your crew and not cast. No one needs to see that on stage
Jimmy Neutron on meth
Are your parents an aye-aye and Mark Zuckerberg?
Please tell me you are not actually in your 20s and you just had a bad growth spurt. You literally look like a someone made a bobble head with toothpicks and a can of Campbell's Chunky soup.
Strangely, not one of all the dicks you've had in your mouth has fully gone down your foot long throat. Trust me when I say this, I know this guy has had many.
You look like you just stepped out of Amigara fault.
I'm sure you'll grow out of this tomboy stage and blossom In to a really stacked but butterfaced  young woman.
A dope sick Mccaulay Culkin stars in the off-off-brodway musical "Pan: Banned From Neverland"
The weirdest part of all of this is that it looks like you have child bearing hips. 
You look like Tinkerbells ugly cousin
I can't roast you after all the times I shared with you, scooby and the rest of gang when I was a child.
You look like if you sneezed, all your ribs would break.
This is why they had to cancel the musical version of, 'The Lion, The Witch and The Wardrobe' - because this kid wouldn't come out of the closet.
Its clearly take your child to work day on your mums porn set...
Too easy.
I think your mom got her vagina probed by an alien.
Jesus christ, you look like the reflection of an amusement park mirror.
You look like the AIDs version of the Keebler elf. 