Don't be depressed. You have very nice teeth. You should wear things that accentuate your teeth. Like a ski mask. 
Observe my complete lack of surprise over the amount of henti porn in your reddit history.   
*Boyhood* was a shitty movie and it was your fault
You look like someone that does PewDiePie impressions and think you're cool and good at it when everyone says it's great, but they're just lying to not hurt your feelings.
I'd be depressed too if my teacher constantly used my forehead to teach the class about the Pythagorean theorem.
I'd be depressed too if I looked like a homeschooled Shaggy.
[removed]
Depressed because Daphne kept your scooby snacks? 
[Shaggy Rogers](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/3/33/Shaggy_Rogers.jpg) really let himself go yet kept the same shirt.
You smile like mr potato
[removed]
You should have stayed depressed; smiling doesn't really work for you
I dont need to roast you. Your mouth smiles, but your eyes do not. You are too busy being depressed and roasting yourself, so anything i say wont sink in.   Sort your life out.
#you are what you eat
I'm surprised you found something to smile about given the fact that you're the third retarded Mario brother.  
Paul walkers after picture
[removed]
You look like a whilte Many Paqiuao. Just without money, friends, talent and muscle.
Your barber already did far worse than we ever could.
There's no way you're only 5. More like 47 years of severe depression
The fact you got over your depression while having to look at that face every day is nothing short of a god damn miracle
No reason to be all dramatic about it, not many people can grow decent facial hair, you aren't alone. 
you look like Shia Lebouf if he was ugly.
When you really want to be the most popular youtuber so you copy his beard and everything 
It looks like you would put on a live rock concert in a leg cast.  But with the guilt of letting a best friend commit suicide.
I loved you in that one generic hipster, indie band I've seen copied everywhere.    
You will only get worse. Enjoy the slippery slide down the yellow brick road to hell
You look like an 18th century faggot. 
Just saying you should maybe check your doc for being bipolar.