Don't ever get contacts, the glasses are the only thing distracting everyone from the receding hairline and shit smile. 
You didn't fuck anyone. Even your dads not around to fuck you
Your forehead looks like a twix bar. 
Well, now you're three fifths of a necrophiliac. 
You haven't fucked anything but a microwaved cantalope and you know it.
slow down there urkel
How does it feel to be the one not cool black kid in Highschool?
you look like the type of person Urkel wouldn't want to associate with because it'd make him less cool.
oh, please you couldn't afford to squeeze one of her titties. You're like Steve Urkle, if Urkle was a pint size lesbian with hairloss. 
Yo dude where the fuck is your hairline, that shit looks like rainbow. Your forehead is endless like snake way from DBZ. Glasses bigger then your future. Why your fingernails look plastic? Because that's not where it should be, you need some on your face as in plastic surgery. God damn fix your fuckin hair holy shit got more naps then a sleep deprived sloth. 
You look like Malcom X ravaged by AIDS. Go ahead and pick an addiction. It's going to be your only source of comfort during your short, lonely miserable life. 
How is that head supported by that neck? That's like stickin' a basketball on top of a straw...
You look like Earl Sweatshirt fucked an uglier Earl Sweatshirt.
Holy shit, the kid from "Malcolm in the middle" can walk now
You're so ugly even your hairline is trying to get away from you 
ewww.  Someone get the pecker cutter out
The lost boys aren't missing anymore eh?
I bet it feels good for guys when they drag their balls across the top of your head
I feel your face is a racist depiction of black people. 
You may have just finished fucking my mom, but life has just started fucking you. I sincerely hope you're funny, kid. 
Why is only the bottom half of your face growing? Look like you're 12  on top but 22 down low. Use baby shampoo but gotta shave. 
You have a forehead like a beluga whale
Do you move your face away from the microphone to breath?
Nano163LoL's mommy has 4 titties
Fucked my mom? Sounds like your loss. 
I remember the awkward times.  Don't fuck up college eating acid with the white kids or end up in some black frat where you have to dance wearing a stupid hat and cane.  Beat em off with studies mofo. 
It's Ahmed the clock kid, wow!
My mom has poor taste
You smile like [this](http://news.images.itv.com/image/file/396006/image_update_img.jpg) guy.
Why the fuck do you have white girl hands?
Look like broke back urkle. This dude looks like a retarded ventriloquist dummy. 
You look like a burnt pot of coffee. 
Wow. Most 12 year olds are awkward. You're more awkward than most. 
Calm down, Rupaul
just finished fucking your da...oh wait you dont have one!
[deleted]
Now how can I sit here and roast Dave Chappelle's mentally handicapped cousin?
Why would my mom ever want to fuck you? She's middle aged and you look like that one kid who always causes something to explode in chemistry class.
Your scrawny ass couldn't even dig her up.
Jokes on you I have two dads! 
I was not aware my mom was into 10 year olds with down syndrome.. I am going to have to have a talk with her about this
Nice fivehead.
Is MTV remaking Family Matters now too?
I didn't know my mom was a Pringles can and two sponges 
I bet you took your last (and only) date to the local Yu-gi-oh tournament?
Not only are you living proof that wearing glasses does not make people look smart but you've actually made me feel bad for myself for taking the time to call out someone who's obviously got down syndrome.
Looks like Stevie from Malcolm in The Middle's finally learned to stand.
The only way you fucked my mom is after drugging her, Mr.Cosby.
Why is it that black people's hairline is a gradient?
You look like Steve Urkel with Leukaemia
Even Jared from subway would pass. Also, you didn't fuck my mother, she doesn't like black 12 year olds with no friends. She would probably fuck your dad if you knew who he was 
Too bad his twit doesnt live in Ferguson, Mo, or next door neighbor to G Zimmerman 
The only thing that ever fucked you was the socioeconomic system cause you're black
Your forehead is so big you need you own lines of Latitude and Longitude 
that's the picture they will spread all over the news when you get shot for pulling a gun on a cop
Clock Boy, you're a media darling and you've met the president. Isn't that enough attention already?
If Earl Sweatshirt applied himself in school
You misspelled "my"
Kylie Jenner lip challenge gone wrong
Once you go black, you end up a single mom.
You spelled "raping" wrong.
blacklivesmatterinprison
[removed]