Is that a pigtail you fucking queer?  EDIT: Oh shit...
That wallpaper is the least fucked up thing in this picture.
How have you been since they found [beaver tranquilizers](http://i.imgur.com/ckDl30g.jpg) in your system?
Oh I'm sure you've been roasted before, you were just to fucking stupid to notice. 
Oh look, another human of questionable gender.
I cant tell if you are the ugliest woman I have ever seen or the most pathetic 14 year old boy I have ever seen...
That wallpaper says that you've never actually been anywhere accept at the bottom of a gangbang.
You wrote 2016. You're either a fucking moron or you're from the future where everyone collects stamps and looks like Thor with Down syndrome. 
You look like the type of girl that gets "randomly selected" for performance enhancing drug tests
You look like Emma Watson's special needs brother who tried to get a sex change to look like her and it only half worked
Oh aren't you so fucking original, drawing the R backwards. Do you think that's edgy? The only thing edgy in your life is the flesh around the hesitation mark on your obsured wrist. The smile on your face is a farce. It's the same look that goes across the face of every over-privilaged piece of shit kid right before "enact revenge" on the people that treated them oh so poorly. 
I'm not sure what I am more confused about... your wallpaper or your gender.
Did this queer just get the fucking year wrong? 
I mean...do I really have to say it?
did you find the ugliest wall paper in the world to offset your own ugliness? 
A slightly more masculine Justin Bieber.
So how many bands have you liked before they were cool?
it's like miley cyrus and justin bieber had a dyslexic european baby
i feel like someone stuck a finger in their ass and smeared it on hitler's face to make his mustache and then smeared it on your face to make your eyebrows
Fucking liar
ASL? I can't tell.
I had to look twice at that tacky wallpaper. At first I thought you still had your [shrine to football head.] (https://sloppyetymology.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/05.jpg)
You and your wallpaper seem super annoying.
Looks like your dad got the son he wanted. 
You smile like you've been groomed by a sex offender, and your handwriting makes me think it was one of your teachers.  In addition, your pony tail makes me think your amazon wishlist is just 80 different My Little Pony branded flesh lights.
I will call it the Oak question.  Are you a boy or a girl?
You look like a modern day Pinhead. 
If Justin Bieber would land in jail, this is what he'd look like.
This is a quality version of barbie.
Is this for real the roasting, give me more fgts
Your hair and room say girl but your eyebrows say boy
What the fuck is up with that wallpaper? What year do you live in?