You're like a walking glory hole with a filthy hat.
Put your teeth back in.  And quit fucking your sister.
2008 called, they said keep the hat.
The only person I know who's house needs an oil change
get back to loading shipping pallets you inbred colostomy bag
How much does a BJ from a meth head cost these days anyways? 
At least you are a good cock sucker 
You're like a one man walking prison economics lesson of how a skinny whitey can trade blow jobs for more Skoal and protection.
You must be kidding! This is it? These don't even make me want to put my false teeth in!
You are like...Rosie the Riveter of white trash
Does your dad let you put your teeth back in after you're done gumming his cock?
you look like Asterix the gaul if his parents were cousins
It's too bad you didn't carpool with Shain Gandee.
Meths a hell of a drug
change it to "kiss me or prepare to kiss my butthole" and I'm sure you'll find more people willing to kiss your butthole... well, as long as death is off the table too.
No amount of vaccinations would prepare me to kiss your butthole 
The look on your face tells that you've lost any hope of being loved by anyone but by your mom who sadly fucks everyone with a spare set of teeth for her.
You chose to lose your teeth so you could suck bigger cocks.
You bought that hat intentionally two sizes too big so people don't see that methed-out muppet face of yours. 
Benjamin Button's younger brother is twice as old at 25
Here's a real piece of shit. The face of someone who literally had nothing going for them. You look happy because you just remembered where you left your favorite dildo. If you were walking in the same side of the street as me I would cross not only because you scare me but I know you would ask me for spare change. Keep your head up though, your future is as bright as your teeth.
I'm Seth Green and I have cable...
I wish I could see all of your faces so I had something to masturbate on! Hurt my feelings yours cutters...
You're a toothless human dirt claude
Do you still cry thinking about the day your parents dropped you off at the orphanage? 
If they gave out meth at dentists' offices you might still have your teeth.
You make the Almost Politically Correct Redneck look like Matt Damon.
No, I will not give you a quarter, and no I haven't seen your teeth.
Red bull. Gives you tooth decay
This is what happens when you drink and go snowmobiling kids.
You mean kith my ath
I think you just got everyone to quit meth cold turkey.
Kissing you would be like kissing a butthole
Man, that's weird. Usually your teeth fall out AFTER you do meth.
Just let the cancer win. 
Another good reason why to not do meth
You look like that sloth from Ice Age. 
I just became Pro-Choice.
Methamphetamines
This isn't a roast. You look like you came up short on a triple and took a crossbar to the teeth. I just hope the dirt bike is okay. 
oh i get it now, you suck the dicks when they are bored at work. 
no teeth but at least you have the town you have never left
I bet all the guys at the glory hole love getting a gummy surprise.
You look *exactly* like the kind of person who wouldn't have any teeth left.
Who's operating the tilt-a-whirl at the carnival while you're off taking selfies?
Would you mind explaining the difference between kissing your butthole and your mouth? I can't imagine it's all too different. 
Your underage girlfriend's parents called: they want you to move out of their basement.
Which end is your butthole?
Which butthole?
Looks like Jeff Dunham has introduced a new character.
You look like you have sucking dick for meth since 3rd grade.
Why do you have no teeth? 
I knew Cletus Spuckler really existed :D
I love it!
I thought this was a picture of your butthole. 
I'll bet you smell like a port a potty on a hot day.... In Mexico.....at a shitty bar.....serving bad fish tacos....to menstruating strippers at a donkey show.
If you chew anymore gum you're going to get cavities... nevermind.
I was really hoping for more!
Disappointing.....
Crack whores are a helluva drug