Six inches of dick. Total.
One Dilection
It's like a full deck of V cards.
Thank you all for making my sneakers.  I hope you enjoy the rest of your night playing "4 grooms and a bride".
[deleted]
The only "railing" ever going to happen is between themselves.
1 common goal of getting laid before graduation, 5 failing 
Get used to being called boys. 
You look like a gay Peruvian flute band 
Okay let's start from the left.   You with the Army toys on your shirt. You look like the self proclaimed Asian gangster that every highschool has but you only stick with people that you look better than.   Next, you in the Nike shirt. You try to make yourself look different than the others so maybe any female willing to look at your group looks at you first, it's not helping.   You in the middle, you didn't wanna do this and it's quite obvious so I'll go easy. You look like you're gonna try to 'put yourself out there' only to get rejected by a girl and shoot up your school.  Now for you. You look like the kinda kid who brags about getting girls but really you sit at home telling your mom you have the flu and to get you more tissues.  Lastly, you think and say you're better than the rest of the group but honestly, you know you're the one getting railed in this instance. Just be thankful this time it's not your father railing you.  [boo-yah](http://media.giphy.com/media/13py6c5BSnBkic/giphy.gif)
Just 1 railing? Like we're supposed to believe you stopped with just the tip. 
One *big* Rejection.
So 4 bottoms and a top to do the railing? Not sure why you had to be so specific. Takes some of the fun out of guessing 
I didn't know boyladies also exist.
Your sex video posted yet on Grindr?
http://i.imgur.com/YUXpgKz.gif
May as well repeal the one child policy; if any one of these lot have kids it'd be a fucking miracle.
Oh good lord, every guy (?) in this picture is gayer than every other guy(?) in this picture.
The one without a shirt under his pullover looks homeless
Its like the last supper, but instead of Jesus doing big arms, the guys eyebrows in the middle are doing big arms.. and everyone else is saying "Well why can't I do big arms too!"  Jeesy Creesy.
Cast photo before filming begins on the human cock centipede.
Don't you guys have a Dota tourney to play in?
No, I'm pretty sure theres a lot more railing going on here.
Caption: Me and the squad just ate a chihuahua.  Look at this bitch in the red shirt.  Boy it's like every part stopped growing except ur neck. Bowl cut head ass. This bitch in the middle holding a fucking binder, just came out of night school with that fucked up hair line. Nigga roast me or roast us? I would give it to all u fuckbois but I'm coolin.
All 5 of you are looking for a good railing, that's for sure.
Fun! The gang from /r/talesfromtechsupport came on out to get roasted. Nice Reddit community spirit guys.
The guy holding the sign is trying to desperately hide his 2 inch boner.
5 boys, 0 nailing
Thailand's first official boy band!
No one in this picture is railing anyone
It's just one person standing in front of a wall of mirrors.
You must be the "thugs" of your gated community.
You certainly know how to use your asses to ride that pole.
You guys look like you still do the Naruto run 
Who is driving the Mitsubishi?
My god. . .  Retards can reproduce by splitting
Mathlete convention 
3 out of these young men have a Stephen Curry jersey. They're favorite players also include Jeremy Lin 
Groups of betas are known to team up and take a picture to be roast together because they are too big of pussies to be roasted individually. 
So what J-Pop band were you rejected from?