You didn't need to mention being gay. Trust me. 
Sure you are gay. Everyone knows ur boyfriend Butt-head
you had all that space to write roast me on your forehead, and you had to waste perfectly fine paper.
Go post this in /r/fiveheads, you look like a fucking alien
If you headbutted someone it would be assault with a deadly weapon. Holy shit. Your forehead is bigger than Don Vito's buffet plate. Your hairline isn't just receding it's fucking surrendering. Your left cheekbone is gonna poke your own eye out. You're using a brillo pad as a toupe. I hope you're a top because you got fucked by life hard enough to never have to bottom ever again.
You really had no choice with a haircut like that.
You're a living conan o'brien caricature 
I'm sure you're used to using the phrase "go hard or go home" much too often. 
It's like Joseph Gordon Levitt and Rick Astley had a failed late term a abortion.
Your face looks like a .jpeg of Macklemore that hasn't finished downloading over dial-up yet
Beavis?
I thought gay people had standards.
You should get a dart board tattooed onto your forehead.. for... reasons..
Looks like your hair doesn't wanna be associated with your face...
I never knew megamind was gay.
[Well, you aren't the first gay guy with the "just fuck me up fam" combo.](http://www.glamour.com/images/entertainment/2014/06/bert-sesame-street-mad-w352.jpg)
Your forehead looks like a Popeyes biscuit. 
You look like a Donnie Walberg bobble head.
You have a face for gloryholes
[deleted]
If carrot top and Conan Obrian had a retarded love child. It would be you. 
with a forehead like that i  think id just go home
Don't you bullshit me. No self-respecting gay man would go out of the house looking like a combination of Rick Astley and a Grey Alien.
Your hair looks like it's running away from your forehead, shrivelling up, and dying. For everyone to see. 
Go hard or go home.....the first words out of your mouth on a Friday night
Do you sleep suspended by your forehead?
Always wondered what became of Sid after Toy Story... You did not age well, bud.
You look like the bastard love child of Hank Hill and Beavis.
Some dude's are gay by birth, other dudes are gay by process of elimination. You are the later. 
'Go hard or go home'   I see you like it hard
You look like the kind of guy to claim he's gay to compensate for the fact that he'll die a virgin because is fivehead is twice the size of his face.
I could land a plane on your forehead.
Wow.  I've never seen someone staple Wookie pubes onto an egg.  
I wish you were straight so there would be no possibility of you ever being attracted to me.
That 50's Grease haircut is the worst choice for your forehead. 
Balding
Afraid you've already fapped so much not even Viagra will let you go hard. Unfortunately your catholic parents won't let you go home either. So the only option left is to become a gay stripper and barely make rent on a small motel monthly
Good lord. If the Earth becomes overpopulated and we start running out of land, we can just send people to settle on your forehead.
E.T. go home!
You look like Andy Dufresne. And your  forehead, goddamn....its distracting me from roasting your gay ass. 
You look like Jake from the Tweenies - were you deliberately going for this look? http://tweenies.wikia.com/wiki/Jake
Get your forehead out the way, I can't see the picture dumbass
you look like you have AIDS. 
you look like Neil Patrick Harris's retarded little brother auditioning for a live action Beavis &amp; Butthead movie 
you look like a cross breed of pre-steroid carrot top and jimmy graham