Do you guys play with each other's boobs just to see what it's like?
You guys have enough extra chromosomes to make a 4th friend
Some of us are alright, which school shouldn't we go to tomorrow?
If the cast of superbad was uglier and had special needs.
Even on your native planet of the Potato People you three are sexual kryptonite.
Sign holder is a saint taking care of the special children  they need more safety gear. To be honest it was hard to figure out who was the handler.
Together you represent 3 virgins,  0 jawlines, and an astronomical number of chins.
In the wrong place. I think your looking for reddit/weightwatchers
You guys look like you share a stuffed MyLittlePony doll that's been fucked and passed around so much that all the wool's been replaced with your cum.  The only pussy y'all ever get is if you all save your good boy points and momma's allowance to get a hooker. You'd form a rape squad but every girl's just gonna outrun you, so you gave up.  You look like all three of your dads are alcoholics because they can't cope with the utter losers they've fathered.  You'd steal momma's gun and shoot up your school but you won't, because they don't serve chicken tendies in prison 
From left to right: Down's, Tourette's, and Asperger's.
From now on anytime anyone tries to argue with me about being against abortion, I'm just going to show them this pic. 
This looks like a cast of a period drama called "The Unfuckables."
It's really sad that the dude in the middle is the cool guy of your group.
The cast of SpikeTV's new show "Dancing with the Tards".  
Is this the "Humans who look like toes" club? Especially you on the left....
Almost 50 years of combined virginity in one picture. And NO, guy in the middle, that 4th of July when your uncle Dale, from Indiana, played with your butt doesn't count. 
You should get the tiny lesbian in the glasses to move your elbows while your holding your dicks, it's as close as you're going to get to a real live working vagina.
Being sub par virgin video gamers will be the pinnacle of your success in life.
/r/blunderyears featuring Kirstie Alley and Josh Groban.
I didnt didnt know so much autism can be concentrated in such a small place.
All I see is three butch lesbians
Well, it looks like God already did that
Good to see the dude in the middle's hormone therapy is going swell. Next step, blue hair and a hatred for men!
Did you guys take a break from your group hentai jerk to take this picture? 
We're all too late.
You guys from right to left make a fibonacci sequence of chromosomes. 
You guys look like you all smell like vegetable soup 
I feel bad making fun of kids with Down's syndrome. 
Looks like it's Charlie's Retards.
They let you use reddit at the down's ward? Aren't they scared you'll accidentally look up child porn or some shit?
I like /r/roastme but I draw the line at roasting kids with Down syndrome.
This is your future. http://imgur.com/fCVHjUJ
Dude on the right is so poor he has to wear left over racketball goggles for glasses.
You were just like "Fuck our chromosomes all up" and God was like "I got you fam."
Idiot, swamp ass, and dweeb.  
My work here is done.
So being fat virgins is the requirement to join your Superhero League?
Don't need to fuck you up, mother nature did that for us.
Buddy on the left has his face attached to his chest 
Here goes the world record holding team for most amount of games of "limp biscuit" in one d&amp;d game.
I don't even know who I'm supposed to be roasting here; the kid that never leaves the lunchroom, the special kid whose parents have to let wear safety goggles to school, or the exchange student whose English would be quite good were his tongue not too big for his mouth.
Why because no1 else will? 
Genetics already did
Let's play a game called "Which one is competing in the Special Olympics this year?"
Or course you guys ask us to fuck you, because no girl ever will.
alright, alright, you got your picture mother, now can we pleeeaassee go back into the basement
You three would cause some serious seismic damage doing the Truffle Shuffle together. 
Looking like the ugly clone versions of TSM&lt;league of legends&gt;
I'm going to message you my number. Give it to the sad old woman on the right. 
The one on the right looks like Tim Heidecker, if he was gay.  The guy in the center looks like he forgot his fedora at home and is regretting not bringing it.  The fucker on the left side is just straight up retarded.  He looks like he's missing a few chromosomes or something.
You don't make fun of people with downs.  Not cool. 
Who wears rec specs when they don't play a sport?
"Fuck" should not, and will not be in your vocabularies.
I bet you play star wars with each other a lot
I thought the hunchback of notre dame killed himself?
Left side guy's face looks like it's not on his skull all the way.
Asking to get fucked is not the way normal guys lose their virginity. Be carefu...nah, nevermind, nobody would rape you guys anyway.
If pugs took human form.
Left to right:  A demonic kid with downs, a 35 year old virgin still in high school, and a lesbian lying to herself and the rest of the world.
You look like a more fat JonTron that has given up on life
Wow anthony, you really got huge
This is basically what I expect of an average reddit user 
Lovin the 'semen protector glasses'. Did the other pair get broken by the bully?
&gt; Fuck us way the hell up  Should we do it? I'm pretty sure diabetes will beat us to the punch.
Okay listen, far left guy you need to tone it down, you have nothing at all to be happy about. Middleman, it seems that generational incest has left one of your legs shorter than the other. The far right wears those safety glasses to only further isolate himself from more normal people in an attempt to "own" this status.
Stay together guys. I doubt you'll be able to find anyone else to accept you for who you are.
The kid on the right is too stupid to realize the safety glasses won't protect his eyes from the ugly guy on the way left. And what poor decisions did the guy in the middle make to end up with these two. 
Trailer Park Boys: KIDZ
Oh, shit! It's Nerdist: the early years!
You three are the prime example of why blowjobs are better than sex. 
Why is it that all the ugliest motherfuckers want to get roasted the most? 
I would, but I see your parents have already done that for me. 
How do you guys choose who has to wait for the next one when you guys ride elevators?
Hey cool it's bubbles before the trailer park
Oh hey, Tweedle-Dee, Tweedle-Dum, and Tweedle-Dumbfuck.
The one on the left looks like the "yee" dinosaur.  http://imgur.com/a/Tql8d
Hey, if you cut all dehydrated foods and replace sugar water with water-water, you'll lose all that fat and, couple that with working out, look pretty damn good. But right now, uh, you look like shit or something witty like that. You can even smoke weed while going through the poison food withdrawals. Will help you sleep through the worst of it.
Virgins for life.
Is that JohnTron in the middle?
Two words. Six chins.
They didn't even read the piece of paper. Somebody asked them to hold it. These poor sobs at least they know there gonna die someday.
My GF is a Special Ed teacher, she cant stand you guys
so like... do you have a neck or nah?
You fuckers all look like Bulk and Skull had kids...
Is that a dike on the right? 
you guys look like a chin factory.
The cast for the next "Three Stooges"
Future employees of Beta Inc.
Mother nature beat us to it
isn't the guy on the left the original model for [Roz](http://mcmanusweb.co.uk/roz2.jpg) from Monsters Inc.?
I can't tell if the one on the left is truly suffering from Jaundice or if he is taking one for the team and soaking up a years worth of sunlight so the other two don't have to worry about "Getting a tan like all those football faggots!"
[removed]
&gt;Fuck us way the hell up  No thanks. I don't want to take any of your virginities.
Its the three virgineers 
No one's giving you any sort of fucking any time soon
Are you... wearing a wig? What the fuck dude
I would but poor life choices,bad gene pool and comfort eating already have.
Looks like Fox has a new fall show called the unfuckables
Roast me is the only thing that will fuck you.
You should name your crew the los chromosomes
Left: Gabe Newell but slimmer Middle: Fucking Jon Tron Right: Newman in Dodgeball. those fucking glasses I s2g
How long has rosie odonell been taking care of special needs kids
How do you all decide who goes in the middle of the spit roast?
The stars of a documentary about runescape players
with bodies like those yall be fucked anyway
Childhood obesity hangs at about 17% in the U.S. All three of you have shit luck. 
The average person in this photo has 23.6 pairs of chromosomes
Pig boy on the left needs to get his liver checked. Looks like a serious case of jaundice.
There's going to be a period in your lives that is going to revolve around losing weight and self-betterment. I'm here to tell you that you will fail. After repeated attempts with negligible results, you guys will eventually settle with girls that will settle with you. I am also here to tell you that there's nothing wrong with that. Anything is better than your current situation of attempting to fill the gaping lonely hole you have within yourselves with male camaraderie. Please don't turn to drinking as you all will eventually face the blatant truth that, even though you make a few people laugh, you are never truly wanted.   Cheers,  JerkinYourGerkin
&gt;Fuck us the hell up.  I would but your genes did a pretty good job already.
&gt;Fuck us way the hell up  I would, but the coat hanger seems to have done fine already.
Your request is redundant. Clearly McDonald's beat us to it. Years ago. 
Your genetics already fucked you way up, no need for us to do more.
You guys are supposed to call each other the three musketeers, not eat the candy
I'm surprised you all are wearing grey shirts, seeing as how they make your man titties stand out more  and stop leaving cum socks around your rooms. Yalls mothers are tired of cleaning that shit. 
[removed]
3 guys, 0 chins.
Nice to see you're all in shape. That shape is round.
I'm saving this image. It's becoming a meme
Youre what would've happened to Josh("Drake &amp; Josh") if he'd been molested instead of becoming a TV star 