Did you mean "worst?" Sorry, they say to never correct the retarded. 
That shirt is brighter that your future.   
That color looks good on you. I'm sure you'll be spending 25 to life in it. 
Looks like the only black kid playing yugioh at lunchtime. 
your lip is haunted with the ghost of a mustache, happy Halloween  
Did you steal the camera or break into the house to take the picture?
Your parents also did their worst with you
Fool got a 3 head
Don't worry little man, some day you'll be old enough to understand basic spelling and grammar, *and* to grow a proper mustache.**
You're the guy all the white kids refer to when they have to say "I'm not racist, my best friend is black!" 
The only reason his dad stopped hitting his mum is because he hasn't been home in years.
You look like one of the lesser known players on NBA Jam for Sega Genesis 
Orange is not the new black
You're the elf that has to make all the Fubu jerseys 
Worst*
Who's house have you broken into?
You look like the kind of guy that does his eyebrows every other day, and swears that they always "look on fleek".
Based on your title, I'm not gonna aks you to proofread anything for me.
You look like Tyler the Creator if he only ever watched BET on Sundays.
You look like if Drake and Meek made up and had a baby. 
You look like a gay black elf.. You said do your worse, looks like God already took care of that. 
lucky you, got a visitor.
Boy, that hairline. Looking like the hollister logo.
When white people say they have black friends, they're talking about you. Eyebrow plucking motherfucker.
I'm leaning towards the pimp
Sweet goatee bro!
Just trying to figure out why you posted a picture of your Real Doll. 
Your T looks like an upside down cross, what are you some sort of Satanist?
your hairline is an abomination 
Being a Janitor is not the same as "Going to Clemson"
Wow. You got balls, man. You started a roast mid-robbery? 
Lamar Odom's kid...i think thats a roast in itself
Glad to see your practicing for your mugshot.
You ever get any shit for being the "white sheep" of the family?
Roast? You're already burnt. 
Future Maury guest 
You look like the gayest blood on earth
The only black person here asking for a roast. Either 2 things: dude's a coconut  (black outside and white inside) or dude is reallllllly high.....
You are the happiest looking vampire bat I've ever seen. 
that is a very nice prison. i assume they are holding you over for trial 
How many hours a week do you spend with the tweezers to make sure you don't have a mono-brow?  Or are you a wax man?
You probably wear that T-shirt to match your absent father's prison uniform.
Man I never seen a white guy look so gangsta
You look almost identical to Terrelle Pryor, and probably share his talent for football as well. Kudos to you, sir!  Note: On September 10, 2015, Terrelle Pryor was cut from the Cleveland Browns. Yes, even the Browns thought he was shit. Have a nice day.
You mean worse than your grades? I don't think that's possible man 
With those sqinty eyes chucking spears must be difficult for you. 
You look like Terrelle Pryor, but more of an asshole
I bet you pretend to know the words to "California Love" so you can try and look gangster in front of your real black friends. 
How sad are you that you're too white for nigger-diggers?
Looks like you did your better at that spelling.
The most plain looking black guy I've ever seen. If I was a white girl walking at night and saw you coming my way I wouldn't even feel nervous.
Webster looks different
You look like the monster created be a pedophile who fucked a mannequin.
Soo... How many ways can you prepare shrimp again?
It's "worst" you ignorant mother fucker
[removed]