You're the only girl in your group that your guy friends don't jerk off to.
meh.
I can imagine your vagina looking exactly like that grin. Big and unsettling.
Nice of you to strategically place the paper to cover your non-existent tits 
I didn't know Weird Al Yankovic posted on this sub.
Basic would be an upgrade
Has anyone ever compared you to an unfunny and even more unappealing Rosie O'Donnell? 
You look like time national spokesperson for wearing sweatpants to class.
I'm going to assume your room has at least one poster of the Eiffel tower and your Facebook page has a quote from Marilyn Monroe on it. Also, you look like you have a tattoo of feathers or stars or something... 
You look like you'd need a waffle iron to straighten that nappy ass wig. Don't get me started on that Pennywise grin either. Is that a mole under your nostril, or an unfinished dirty sanchez?
The way you stretch those pencil thin lips across your fangs is unsettling to me.
you have some burnt ramen noodle hair
Your name is Rosie and today you're going to have super duper fun, yay!!!
What have you been up to since Rosanne went off the air?
The best thing about you is giving your guy friends a chance to stop caring to impress a girl when you're there 
Your face is the ramp that Evil Kenievel drives his car off to jump ten Mack trucks.
you're so Jewish you don't pay extra for perforated paper.
Don't you deep-throat dildo's on webcams? I'm sure I clicked off you somewhere.
You don't look interesting enough to be basic.
You'll never have sex in a position where someone can see your face.
If I were six beers deep it'd still only be a maybe.
I don't even know what to say. You are literally just "that one girl."
You're a 9. On a scale of how many drinks I'd need.
hey medusa, sorry to see your snakes died  what is with your face? next time, please wait until you are done pooping before taking a pic  
You wish you were basic. It would be a step up from that Easter Island jaw.  Did someone just punch you in the face or do you have cum in your eyes?
Cheeks fat enough to store a winter load of semen. Come onnnn winter!!
Got nothing but are you so nice that people hate you?
You must be the wild one of the group that doesn't go to church sometimes
I bet when you queef it smells like Pumpkin spice and week old cum
You're UGGly