Just one question.... How do you breathe with nostrils that small?
You're more low quality than that takeaway
Don't cry, your boyfriend didn't dump you because of your flat chest, it was your annoying voice.
Sure, go ahead and eat in the car. I'm sure everyone in there wasn't already annoyed enough from hearing about your totally interesting week
Do you two still sleep together?
You have those "glory hole good looks" 
The necklace says "Betty", but those midget hands say "Pebbles".
Its the bulimic girl after a big meal with her traveling catch all bucket !!
Nothing says classy lady like forks and tinfoil in the middle seat.
Your nose looks like somebody rolled some play-doh up into a long cylinder then smashed it on your face 
The hottest thing in this picture is that pepper.
Id anal you
You can't hide those mountains on your chin with a little Avon...
She looks just like Voldemort.
I bet you wish you were as thin as those eyebrows.
Looks like that the phone case doesn't have enough protection to be in contact with her. 
That masculine jawline will help when you're taking loads to the face.
New game: foundation or God having to much fun in Photoshop
the whole front of you is flat did you run into a wall at high speed? 
She has a real nose for cocaine.
You forgot to curl the rest of your hair, bitch!
That pussy shaped phone doesn't make up for your phone shaped pussy
I shall diss you in the language of your people. Whooo whoooo whooo whoooo whooooooore
Only hot thing is that pepper
She seems like the type of girl that all it takes is a cheap bottle and some Chipotle to get head from her 
I don't know, she already seems to suffer bipolar, anxiety, depression, and schizophrenia and I'd hate to have one of those stories.
MisterPeepers that is amazing #LOL
That food looks almost as sloppy as your snatch after your weekly interracial threesome.
$8 of food for a $4 whore. The food is the better value.
I'm sure that's not the only thing that was eaten in the back seat that night p.s. I'm his sister 
I'd leave your sister at the mall, but YOU I'd like to see in the back of the van....you know, just the two of us.