Untouchable is right, I wouldn't touch you with a thirty-nine and a half foot pole. -_-
1 (800) 273-8255 National Suicide Prevention Lifeline
Your hair looks like a bowling ball rolled in pubic hair.
Your hair looks permanently stuck from too many dramatic and unnecessary flips
There is a good crop of pimples about to strout, fester.  Anyone have a spoon handy?
Justin Bieber decided to change his hair style after seeing your friend pass by.  Your friend is studying to be a professional mop when he's older.  I heard he mopped the crew.  Your friend's face is the same shape as Steve from Minecraft's.
If Justin Bieber had a baby with Alex Gaskarth and a slice of bubbling/boiled pizza, you're the child. Seriously, go get a fucking haircut you look like a cunt.
Holy shit!  Did someone just get a perm?
Don't you mean he's unwantable.
You look like a potential school shooter.
He's right.
Everyone wondered what happened to the kid from "two and half men"
OMG!  What's up with this Bieber hair honey?
Even his clone wouldn't touch him.
He looks like Andy Milonakis if he actually hit puberty.
When a fat homeless kid tries to be scene
Pizza face fat beiber wannabe 
You look like you wash your face with bacon grease drenched paper towels. Your haircut looks like a failed attempt to look like Ollie Sykes.
hmmm, overweight, riddled with acne, Bieber hair cut, is "untouchable" really the right word?
More like unfuckable
No, seriously, he spends hours at home alone trying to touch himself.
You look worse than what I pull out of my drain after a shower, and I'm a Sasquatch. 
He should be uncomfortable, not untouchable, from trying to hide food in his cheeks like a gerbil.
I'd say he looks like he's going into the family business, but technically "welfare recipient" isn't a career.
You look like a herpes penis wearing a toupee
I'm thinking most girls would agree 
He looks like the guy who sucks at every sport and still makes 'Your Mom' jokes on XBOX Live He looks like the guy who tried to learn how to skateboard but fell flat on his ass every time His room probably smells like stale farts and Monster 
I feel like I would get sticky if I put my hand on his face. 
How the fuck is he going to read any of these, anyway?  Seriously, though, untouchable? Nah. Unfuckable? Yeah. Unlikable? Check. Uninteresting? Nailed it. Not untouchable, though. 
This is the face of someone who will be paying for sex the rest of his life. 
How do you kill that which has no life?
ITS NOT A PHAZE MOM!!!!!! 
The ol' hair sexily waving in the wind just doesn't work when you look like a walking mop with tits
You belong on r/niceguys, not r/roastme.   You're birth was enough of a family embarrassment. 
If you took a cast iron skillet and hit Jake from Two and a Half Men in the face, you'd have this dude.
That's what she said.
You look as confident and worldly as a 15 year old whose smoked pot twice talking to a 15 year old whose smoked pot once. 
I didn't know wookies could get acne, or listen to Linkin Park and Evanescence
Just because girls won't touch him,  for any reason no matter how much money is involved,  doesn't mean he's untouchable. 
You look like Chris from Family Guy, your probably not that sharp though.
Looks like he is part of the Matchbox 20 special needs tribute band, Matchbox 47.
Jared Fogel would beg to differ
Just because he thinks he's untouchable, doesnt mean untiuchable by soap.  Wash your face and your hair, you disgusting piece of shit. Im not roasting you, im being honest. You're disgusting.  You're the kind of greasy fuck that nobody really wants to be seen with because guilt by association. Take some pride in yourself as a human being and do some basic hygeine daily. Lose some weight. Get a hairstyle that isnt worn by 3 year olds who have never had a haircut before. Jesus.  Edit: and for fucks sake, trim your fingernails. What are you doing, running for prom queen? Guys dont need long-ass nails.