I knew that everyone had fucked your mother, but I didn't realise that Kevin Smith got her pregnant.
You wouldn't be a virgin if u actually read that sign behind u
You look like a  bearded Rachel Maddow.
Stick to letting your mom pick your clothes
let me guess that poster on the wall is a reminder of when you missed the opportunity to lose your virginity by not locking the van?
Jesus, looking at your pic made my self esteem go down.
Ibanez acoustics suck and you should feel bad. 
enough with that hair you're scaring the children
I don't know if you're still considered a virgin if your mother's ex-boyfriend molested you for years.
Good God man, you look like the ultimate hipster douchebag starter pack. Shitty haircut? Check. Pretentious, judgmental facial expression? Check! Rolled up jeans exposing your cheap knock-off vintage shoes?? Check!! You even included not 1, but 2 guitars in the pic, just hoping to God someone would ask you if you played so you could show off the 4 chords you know. The one thing you have going for you is that with those little baby hands, your cock looks slightly less tiny when you're jerking it.
you are [where dreams go to die](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2As3anAnHf4) caught in the sweaty folds of skin that adorn your body, smelling of yeast and unwashed arse... the only single hope that remains with your parental units is that if there is ever a zombie apocalypse, they'll be able to locate food hidden under your luscious mounds (certainly enough to create their own unique line of artisanal cheeses)... or sacrificing your wheezing, huffing, slacking fat arse with the hopes of clogging the arteries of the walker population.
I am %100 sure everyone you know refers to you as the smelly guy.
I was gonna say fat pirate because of the cuffed pants, but knowing hipsters, you are probably doing that on purpose to be ironic. 
That's a great place for that sign. Right in the mirror.  ^^You ^^should ^^learn ^^to ^^read ^^it.
There's nothing we can say your outfit doesn't say for you.
You didn't have to state in the title that you were a virgin. Its pretty easy to tell by looking at you
freaks like you end up on National TV after going bonkers at some school with guns. 
Amazing Atheist, but with better hair.