[The picture says it all.](http://www.ratemydrawings.com/data/2012/01/08/8404/840485.jpg)
I bet she's smiling mad hard cus you said cheese
I have no idea what you look like, yet I guarantee you are out of her league.
Her tits connect to her back fat.
I love your song somewhere over the rainbow 
I don't see her. Is she behind Shrek?
What she needs is a treadmill, what she wants is a new boyfriend.
If I squeezed a block of butter in my hand, it would look like your body.
She's the illegitimate daughter of Princess Lea and Jabba The Hutt
There is no boyfriend is there?
The other side of the cardboard says "will work for chalupas".
If I didn't know this was a subreddit I'd go past her like any other homeless person holding a sign.
Her tits are literally making me frown
She's had enough roast, not enough sausage.
I'm afraid if I roast her, she'll try and eat it.
Did Dora eat Boots??
Time to put her back in the freezer, looks like she is melting. 
You're never going to sell any tamales if you keep eating them all
I think you miss understood. She needs a roast. She doesn't need to be roasted. Get cooking.
Guys careful what you say. She might beat you with a sandal.
She doesnt need a roast. She needs some salad
Is she a moo moo model, by any means?
You tore down a part of your house just for a sign? That's a bold move. Oh well she probably couldn't fit in anyways.
The poster confirms it; she's the kind of moron that falsely tells people Marilyn Monroe was a size 12 so they won't "body shame" her.
Do you use that same cardboard to beg for money too? 
She looks like a pile of laundry wearing a cancer wig someone had tossed in a muddy puddle. 
She probably skipped a few hotel rooms to make time for this pic.
It's like a cross between a Mexican and Jabba the Hutt
Cumdump has some big sacks but what's up with the rolls below? Seems to me sister needs to lay off the Extra Value Meals.
I get the feeling she plays the ukelele and wins fights by crying and sleeping at her parents place.
Jaba the slut
Beastiality is illegal my friend.
I bet your four kids are locked in a room with your 2 dogs and five cats
eh, I guess real women have curves.... but are they usually curves of [fat](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-d3eU9zhEs) having epileptic fits while trying to escape the bondage of being corralled clothing a few sizes too small?
Why does she look like an oversized oompa loompa
She looks like a small pear stacked on top of a much larger pear.
not the right way to burn fat IRL but I like the direction you're going! 
She needs a stair master. You need to stop feeding her.
Don't roast. With that much fat, we're better off with a slow bake. 
&gt; She needs it  Not as much as she needs to lose a few pounds
Look, it's parallel universe, poor, Lara Croft 
Roasting her could feed a family of 5 for a week! 
That's not a girlfriend that's a bakery
Cant tell if shes from India, Iran, or the basement of Jabba's palace.
I'm sorry OP :(
Spit roast? Nah... I'm good. I would rather watch soccer. I hate soccer.
 when people see you guys in public, they ponder, "how did u/NateB24 get with her?", she's totally out of his league!
What she needs is Jenny Craig. 
Why?   She's fat, sucks to be her already.
Oh cool were having a pig roast tonight! 
Shouldn't she be cleaning my house instead of being online?
Why would you vandalise your bed 
What she needs is an apple and a stair stepper machine
/r/dolcett is that away ------&gt;
In 50 years when she's in a nursing home, she'll be wearing a similar looking outfit and her tits will look about the same.
Cool, Chewbacca will have a daughter in the new star wars movie.
Was her dad Carlos Mencia and her Mom Tito Makani?
Your girlfriend is Buddha?
What was it like working with Danny Mcbride in East Bound and Down? 
&gt; she needs it  Because you want to eat her out but there's too much fat?
This bitches titties got shoulders though
Not a little hammie but a big hammie heading to the BBW corral behind the barn....
Not as badly as you need a reality check
I don't have a spit big enough.
Look, Dora grew up. 
I think she's been enjoying way too many roasts. 
You have the body of a melting ice cream cone
She doesnt need anymore roast. Looks like shes has at least 15 of them in the last week.
Roast pig
What she needs is a treadmill and a sauna suit.
She looks like she gets enough roast as it is
Lilo really hit the hamburgers hard during puberty, eh?
A new girlfriend you need it
"I bet she's smiling mad hard cus you said cheese" comment killed it...
Since when are we allowed to have pet whales?
THAT is your girlfriend?  We should be roasting you!
A roast is the last thing she needs.
No she needs a treadmill and a diet book.
If there's one thing your girlfriend doesn't need it's a roast.
She looks plenty roasted to me, not a lean enough cut though
Thank you for taking care of my boss's kids.  
Trying roasting her in the sauna maybe she'll lose a few pounds
She needs less roast. 
All abored the gravy train!
Better keep that cardboard for when you get evicted next week. 
Her fat is trying to escape her shirt, cause it doesn't want to touch her either.
Her ass is the hardest level on SuperMario
Who the fuck taught this cake how to smile? And honey, you've now ruined Super Nintendo for me forever.
her tits look like undercooked pancakes
If you don't do what she says, she'll eat you.
You're probably really nice so I'll go easy on you. Which is what you said right before you mounted and broke his dick. 
I bet she beats you off at mario cart
Mmmm roast turkey.... oh wait you said girl friend 
The last thing she needs is another roast. 
I'd roast her but i doubt she'd fit in the oven
If anything, she doesn't need another roast 
I bet there's some prime marbling in that beef.
No I clean.
Anyones dick invert real quick? Daaaayuumm shes greasy...   I bet she sucks dick good? Most probably because shes hungry ...  I bet she has got pesos in one pocket and Yen in the other  Whats her arm measurements? 36-24-36?
I would roast her, but she wouldn't fit in the oven
"Girlfriend" implies both that this is a girl and that they have friends, and I find that highly implausible.
You look like the "Before" girl on the weight loss commercials right after she at the "After" girl
You've placed last in a beauty contest. Collect [$3.50] (http://i.imgur.com/UiYcjdxh.jpg)
What that bitch needs is a shitload of plastic surgery.
What your girlfriend "needs", is her mouth wired shut and a shirt that hides her enormous right titty.
Think we need to be roasting you..
She's the darker, chunkier version of the poster behind her. 