You look like the kind of guy who's 23 and has a 14 year old girlfriend
Don't write on that cardboard. That could be your next home.
No ragrets
Thanks for reminding me that Stifler's mom was pretty hot.
If incest had a face..
You look like you're on your way to the hillbilly prom.
Ahh, the old I want attention but lack personality, so I dress like an idiot tactic.  How's that working out for you?
You're the type of guy that tries to pick a fight with a black guy, then get yout ass whooped 
So this is what a redneck drag queen performer looks like
How's your 8th year of college going?
Now look at the camera and say "I'm white trash, and I'm in trouble"
"Haha man, wouldn't it be funny if you showed me your nipples and abs? No homo, no homo"
Writing on cardboard because all the paper in the house was used to print out the disownment documents.
I could easily launch a thousand protests from this picture... oh woe is the economic repression, making fun of street workers and while drawing on stereotypes of Appalachian population... but alas, it would be too easy.  also, I'm kind of freaked out by your baby titties.
Your shirt looks like it's trying to act like your underwear.
Using the Half-Soldier Serum, canned inside of a Bud Light, Steve Rogers half-brother Pokey became...drunk with an attitude!
You haven't been to the gym in a while bro 
You look like a guy who thought the Duke Rape Case was really just a few guys at a party and that the girl was just a bitch
You should write all over your and your sisters love shack like that. Purely disrespectful.
You from Greece?
You've stroked off one of your buddies before, but not in a gay way. Just to be a pal.
Do your "friends" always makes your nipples erect or is that just part of the playtime?
I'd be your friend and tear off the pants to match the top
you look like the type of guy who doesn't wipe his ass 
you have the kind of face that suggests you'd high five your pals during a gang rape of your nan...
You look like you really lean into the n word when you sing along to rap music. And I can tell you're not actually a redneck by the jacket wrapped around your waist. 
Oh no you didn't write on your last cardboard sign for us did you?
The jerk store called, they're running out of you 
Oh, you were the gay one in 'Stomp: the musical'. I loved you in that!
This is the gay Dudley brother that's been talked about in ECW for years......