You guys look like you braid each other's hair and gossip during Metalocalypse reruns
Oh look! it's Beavis &amp; Bonghead 
The one on the right is going to shoot up the local highschool and the one on the left is going to cut all that hair off and stop listening to the metal music for a fat wife and a mediocre job that caps out at 45k.
I'd have an easier time believing you were a pop duo; bitch tits &amp; paedo stache 
I'm glad you two have each other. Grandma's basement can get lonely sometimes. 
The closest either of you will be to heavy metal is clearly the large amount of lead paint you ate as children....and probably still do. 
I see you're modeling the "It's not a phase, mom!" starter kit.
http://www.moviemassacre.com/uploads/3/5/4/8/3548512/8109560_orig.jpg
If that's pure metal, I might have to become a 9/11 truther
Dude on the left you look like the love guru that could never get his chastity belt off
But you sure as shit can roast pure virgins.
You also can't get it to move out of your parents basement 
Oh, two metal heads worshipping artists like morbid angel of who has not released anything decent for 10 years.   It's almost the same with your parents, except they never released anything decent at all.
The guy on the right looks like a total bitch
If the evil side offered cookies when Jesus was still alive.
you like Morbid Angel's last album
No, but this is grease we're talking about.
Heavy Metal, the common nerd embraces it as a defense mechanism against predators. I'm sure dungeons and dragons and comic books are a staple of the these "hardcore" fellas.
Rejected from a mediocre pantera cover band.
What is so metal about not taking showers?
Why y'all look like pre op trannies?
[removed]
"You can't roast pure metal" But you can throw it away with the rest of the trash.  
G.O.A.T. and your mom? Do you make each other quack like a duck?
I can smell you from here.
Has anyone ever looked cool in a black band t-shirt with sleeves?
God I love your curls! Tell me what you do with your hair so my girlfriend can have the same look.
So when did we get the new element Loserium? 
We now pronounce you BillyBob and Bubba---Man and Wife.  Feel free to put the flea collar(s) on your bride......
What an embarrassment. A couple of wannabe rockers who spend more time in the sack with each other than on the rack.   Enjoy your dandruff boys.
Ironic that their favourite song is Metallica's 'Don't Tread on me' when they've clearly had their faces trampled in more than one mosh pit...
Only because your mother won't let me back in after I fucked her
And you cant fuck pure virgin.
Metal is dead and it's never coming back.
Is the name of your shitty metal band "Megan's Law"?
This lesbian couple look like they smell like stale farts. Lookin like they just finished a grimey finger bashin session. Fingers probably smell like bin juice.  #HLA #LesbianPrideWorldWide
I never thought I would see a fusion of jack black and Steve Kardynal in one place. And he's even standing next to the heavy metal version of Bert from sesame street. I can die happy now.  Refference for people as confused as these guys look: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W6DmHGYy_xk http://sesamestreetlive.com/bert
you girls need to up the hormone shots  i am guessing the one on the left is the bottom  it's nice to know charles manson still has followers out there 
why are you giving the horns sign? You to faggots should clearly be holding up a fist.
How much heroin did you take before the picture?
The only thing more harrier than your heads are your mother's Bush's 