You look like you listen to Smashmouth while you get ready in the mornings. 
When Morpheus offered you the pill that could have changed your life forever, you probably responded with "I only pop molly's" and then casually rolled away on your hoverboard while doing vape tricks.
You look like the lame ass kid that goes by the nickname you came up with yourself "ace", and your favorite song is still no hands by waka.
Not sure which is bigger your forehead or the runway in fast and furious 6
Why is you hair so scared of your face?
VodkaMan? Bitch you don't look old enough to cross the street without an adult. 
You look like the Shermanator, except you still haven't lost your virginity.
You look like you reek of axe body spray
No, I can't. But I can roast the aborted fetus wearing the glasses.
frosted tips would make you look like a prepubescent malnourished Guy Fieri 
The elves want their ears back bro.
Master of the hover hand
The root issue is those glasses roasting any chance of you finding out what the inside of a vagina looks like.
You're only wearing those glasses so we can't detect that you're a lesbian woman in disguise.
The 80's is looking for you, Rick Astley. 
You look like an extra from the music video for Darude - Sandstorm but with less character. 
Yup, you definitely wore a red and black dragon shirt growing up.
No, but I can roast the loser wearing them
Nice try cody banks. 
It's Gay Fieri.
I saw two guys making out in the park today and thought that was the gayest thing I've ever seen. That changed with this picture
Quality fivehead.
You look like you crawled out of a 1990's ad for some kind of 'x-treme' Dorito. 
He also probably goes to every Sugar Ray concert that he possibly can.
You look like the frontman for a band that's been irrelevant for longer than you've been alive.
Keanu Reeves gotta stop having illegitimate kids. See what happens when dads don't raise their sons?
True, we cant roast the glasses but we can roast that face you wanna hide behind them.
You look like the kind of asshole to wear sunglasses indoors....oh wait
My god, you have YOLO tattooed somewhere don't you
Poor kid, put's this up hoping everyone roasts the glasses, and then gets shredded for his mess of a face
Your hair is already roasting them
I love that you are trying to bring back the Columbine look
Hey Sherminator
Yeah, and girls say you're pretty fly for a white guy.
Be prepared for a life of being friend zoned 
You look like the kid with the cool car in every shitty 90's movie
I can't roast those glasses as you can't [shake the disease](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EFeh8TGOVrQ).
I can see a tiny bit of your eye coming through the glasses. We're all grateful you decided to wear them
Your hair is already roasting them
Hey Chad. How's that new "Grovelling for pussy" strategy working?  
You make Jim Parsons look straight
How much does karma cost in the Matrix?
Dude I think there's a ghost in your house from 1980. He probably killed himself because he got bullied so much
Vodka is a girls drink. Case in point.
the 90's called, they want all their vanilla ice lookalikes back. 
I can't roast the glasses but I'm guessing judging by your childish face and 90's throwback haircut you wear them because you can't make eye contact with another human being.
The 90's called, they still don't want you back.
Fido dido puked by the 90s
You've never been invited to do anything.
I imagine that this is what Arnold Schwarzenegger would look like if he never worked out and decided to go through a sex change operation
You look like an anorexic Jimmy Neutron.
I can't roast those glasses, maybe true, but you look like my dad wearing them.
If only you put as much effort into your personality as you do with your hair products and make up. 
You look like this kid who would bully me when I was in 4th grade.   Fuck you
I can when they make you look like a bad revival of "New Kids on The Block". 
son, you've certainly got a future in Malcolm in the Middle / Smashmouth crossover twink porn. 
Geez, you look awkward. Why don't you get ready for a rave and put on your glow in the dark neck rings, you long-horse necked mother fucker?
Wanna bet how many times the doctor must've thrown this kid at a wall during birth?
You look like a paintbrush that dropped Molly.
Why would we, Roger? We know they are your eyes. 
I thought Max Kebble was a fictional character. Sorry to see you haven't made any big moves on the opposite sex.
He looks like he just went super saiyan
Watch out we got a badass over here
perfect example of why I'm pro choice
Two friend zonings away from a school shooting
If this isn't the physical embodiment of the white kid who calls you nigger over Xbox live, then I do know what is. 
Unroastable and unfuckable. That's a two-fer.
you look like Legolas joined a boy band.
You look like you destroy your own house parties because nobody else turns up
I bet your one of those kids that get invited to all the parties just so all the cool kids can rest their beer on your head.....  
You found mommies hair spray!  Whoopieee!  Did you also find her dildo?
you look like the type of person who doesn't wear deodorant 