At first glance, I thought his receding hair line was just a case of "male patterned baldness", but it's really just scooting back to make room in the picture for her nose.
You look like the kind of girl that volunteers with mentally handicapped people to find a date.
Ladies night huh? As usual the blonde looks like more fun
I really can't decide who is dating down in this relationship
Not even trying to be mean, I thought it was two girl BFFs when I saw the thumbnail
You look like the shittiest version of Fabio ever
Glad to see gay marriage is being used. 
I get it, going to the brothel to get laid is a great idea especially for people who look like you mate. But seriously I hope she made you wear a condom and had a shotgun nearby because you look like the type of dude to fuck a peanut butter sandwich filled with maggots then resupply your car boot with duck tape and hand ties. As for you lady, your family sent you overseas to get a better life, that doesn't mean selling your body to truck stop murderer here to get that hooter fixed.
'Send us to the burn unit!' AKA 'Please tell my friend for me I'm not  gonna fuck him, but I'm too scared to tell him because he might not validate me anymore and I don't know how to do it for myself. My dad scares me and my mom's a bitch. The boy I am in love with at school would never acknowledge me let alone go out with me and all the girls are fucking mean to me. I hate my life!!!'     And then the Indian kid to the right just looks like he's really good at something.
She's too cute for you. And she's like a 3.
Probably hard to see past that nose so you can hold all his hair up while he goes down on you. Cause let's be honest, he "doesn't like blowjobs anyway" and "is perfectly happy giving and not receiving"
You're the meth version of Brad from 'Adventures in Babysitting'
This looks like a viva la bam episode where a tranny ends up in the hotel room
A 3 dating a -3. Your relationship is a net zero.
He looks like he's the vagina in the relationship. She looks like her nose is the cock in the relationship.
The girls smile looks so fake I can only assume the dudes mom has to pay her to hang out with him.
Everything centers around her x-large nose and her giant buck teeth , EVERYTHING !!
The nose on the broad is bigger than the snoot on my horse.  The dude looks like he works a gay bar for spare change..
her sign should say "help me"   how can she get close enough to blow him with that giant nose?  get off him honey, he needs to go finish up that batch of meth 
Her nose is wider than your mouth.
How much are you paying her to spend time with you and then how much are you paying for the subsequent nose job?
I don't see downies with beards and long hair all that often 
The thing on the left looks like the love child of a Lesbian and a Rapist.  The thing on the right is probably the actual child of a Lesbian and a Rapist.
Your girlfriend is so ugly and you have such a baby face to the point that you two make me think that this is a picture where two faces are swapped between individuals.