Drugs bunny.
I knew rodents in Australia were big, but dammmnnn. 
No wonder they call it down under. You look like you ate your way out of the bag.
You look like the donkey from Shrek.
apparently the dingo didn't eat the baby, it just raised it as one of its own.
Nigel Thornberry returns.
I am sure no woman has asked you to go down under, looking at those teeth.  
If Jimmy Neutron had down syndrome this is what he'd look like.
How much do you change for ad space on those billboards you have in your mouth? 
Your handwriting closely resembles your teeth
I bet myxomatosis hops in your family.
Well hell I guess they have chiclets in Australia as well 
I think I saw Steve Irwin try to wrangle you once on his TV show. He eventually backed off once he saw you bare those fangs. Crikey!
This photo is, like, 70% teeth. Seriously though them things look like they could cut a log faster than my chainsaw!  I feel like you'll be that guy that waxes all his body hair, so you can run faster when the cops are chasing you for illegally living in America and selling meth out of your unfurnished apartment..
Did you ever have a kangaroo as a pet? No? Well I bet you've had a cockatoo.
[Norb?](http://i.imgur.com/zx4D2Zf.jpg)  
Wa'ts up, Doc?
you got the mouth version of that crocodile dundee mugging scene. 
You looked like you just got fucked in the ass by a dingo
Roger Rabbit visit the Land of Oz?  
The Roo gene is present in many Australians, don't feel too badly.
If your face was any wider.... it would be a country and a continent. 
When we talk about sending them back, we're talking about you
...and yet another awful thing from Australia 
your teeth look like chewing gum and lips say you take a 20c bukaki once a day to save for a haircut that doesn't scream little bitch 
Beautifully crafted monobrow, it's like the fingers gingerly touching in the painting the creation of Adam...Also your woodchippers remind us that God has a sense of humor.
You seem like a guy who needs to explain his jokes a lot.
Calm down Timmy Turner
McPoyle down-under. 
You look like you're planning a school shooting.
If pinky and the brain combined into one form and did drugs  
You look like a fossil with hair. 
What the fuck ate those?!
Well, history will never be able to call the Brits 'poor planners' now.
The shit eating grin with the two chiclets in front look like you're ready to take the business end of a money shot.
i loved you in 30 rock
Well at least you'll never need a can opener.
What number do I call to put an advertisement on those two billboards in your mouth? 
Thank god your down under. You look like your teeth could fight off a kangaroo. 
The [resemblance is uncanny](http://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/01/81/5b/33/it-s-lewis-he-s-a-kangaroo.jpg)...
That mouth is bigger than your face
Ya look like a wallaby, mate. 
Your teeth and your eyebrows need a little break from each other
You look like you could eat an apple through a letterbox. 
Definitely from Tasmania
Is that a Bugs Bunny front teeth or is that the way the Kangaroos...
Your forehead looks large enough to cook an emu omelette on.
This has to be the second worst thing to come out of Australia. Of course, first is Cate Blanchett.
I would rather fuck a kangaroo than have to talk to you
I didn't know donkeys could write..
Half man. Half beaver. Half down syndrome.
The only thing more cringeworthy than that face is that title.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
If your foreskin is as large as your forehead and front teeth, you are what we call in the States, a true Aussie. 
How about we buck you like God bucked those teeth