If you lifted your paper we'd still not be able to see your nipples
You look like Gronk if instead of working out and being successful, he just sucked dicks all the time.
You're so boring as a person you have to brag about visiting a website to make yourself sound interesting. I bet no one likes you there either.
You can't pray the gay away.
Holy shit dude, are you made out of hot dogs?
You appear to have gone from one customer to another sir. Is there a reason for the funky hairdo?  Or are you paid extra for that.
I can see a sore ass a lot in your future. Shake that screwy haircut, get yourself an old whtie-man to take care of you. Enjoy.
Closets are for losers. Come out come out whatever you are.
You look like the kind of guy who psychologically cannot take a shit without getting completely naked first. Especially in public.
Looks like the guy who tried to work out and go on a diet, but couldn't take it so you ate a fuckload of cake.
I couldn't possibly roast a celebrity. You were exquisite as the villain in The Fifth Element.
&gt;as a 4chan guy  So social retard with no friends. Got it.
Good god. . . The rednecks learned how to internet!
You're that retarded, even your hair is trying to escape from you.
4chan, huh? and I would have had you pegged one of those guys that call themselves a bronie yet actually just fucks ponies.    but all in all, you're probably just a normal guy   that can't help it if your hair looks and smells as if you've paid dozens of crossdressing korean child prostitutes into taking such massive dump on your head that it resembles a cheap toupee and has begun sliding off your head..   perhaps this is just your Bob's Big Boy's impression, which unfortunately in other parts of the world just makes you look like a registered sex offender posing for a mug shot...   and I'm sure no one would be surprised if you had shitting dicknipples behind that sign.. but there's only so much scat a respectable place like reddit can stand, unless it involves magical ponies that transform into equestrian girls... which is totally not bestiality, you pervert you.  and hells if anyone knows why you look like you've been in a tickle slap fight..    chasing down fat kids - which who are we kidding, they're all fat these days.. only a scant few are ever free ranged - as they're easier to catch, but alas, even with all that heavy lifting, the fact it's just a brisk walk to the candy shop.. and back to your windowless van, it's left you quite pudgy as well. 
I never thought I would see both the metaphoric and literal personification of neckbeard, you truly are a unicorn 
Well, let's take a look at ya. Okay - let's go top down. Why is that pile of shit resting on your head lovingly stroking your face unless you are lovers? Next, you should trade in your trucknuts for a lift-kit for those fucking ears. I like your nose, but that's probably because it looks like it doesn't belong on your face. That mouth, good lord, just looks like a lazy pussy nobody learned to trim. Interestingly, your chin looks like an orangutan taking a shit upside down, and not in the cute way that will go viral. Speaking of that chin going viral, they can smell it from the space station. And jesus christ, look at that neck shadow - you are so fucking naturally pale that your own shadow burns you. You look like you work out, so I'll say the next part nice as politely as I can - Thank you so much for holding that sign up so we do not have to look at your tumors you call nipples. Run back to 4chan or where ever else it is that you swap lame code for horse fucking vids. If you are Anonymous, please stay that fucking way. Cheers.