She once had a threesome and the two guys didn't see each other 
I always wondered what Katherine Heigl would look like if she ate the cast from Grey's Anatomy.
Is that her catch phrase when she enters the wrestling ring?
And by "it" she meant "An entire Christmas ham"
Of course she said that. She didn't hear a single word you said after "roast".
I thought John Candy died?
At church? You look like you could use a last supper
So you eat your mates after sex like a praying mantis?
I'm kind of confused as to the location... is she at an intervention, a twelve steps meeting, a church, a fashion show... is this the new look of the international house of pancakes?  I didn't know they let your people out in public without a permit.   Sure, she can take it... but can the chair?
The only thing she's gonna be taking is insulin.
Maybe she heard take out?
You seem like you were that one girl that's in every grade that jokes about being a satanist but takes it very serious at the same time
Those eyes scream for any sort of sexual contact with another human being.   Sorry love, maybe another life. 
Be careful with what you say guys, elephants never forget
If this is a roast then that means we're having pig for dinner.
[deleted]
Does her shirt say "the bad seed", because that's very accurate.
She's probably not taking much else.
You look like the kind of person gets mistaken for their brother  You look like the kind of person who finally managed to convince a mildly attractive boy to watch some Tim Burton film or anime and get mad at him afterwards for not trying to fingerbang you  You look like the type of person who would yell at strangers kids on the train to stop being so rude whilst having your shoes off and spilling food everywhere.  You straight up look like a gritty, flesh coloured reboot of grimace from mcdonalds
She can't even take a walk to the park, I doubt she can take this. 
Roasting you could feed half of Africa
The bad seed being her father's sperm.
&gt;The Bad Seed  Yeah, I don't get how out of millions of tiny sperm cells, this is the one that caught on. I mean really. Looking like her only friends are her diary and a refrigerator, and the guy next door she caught going through her discarded panties.  u/pizzacrys got his name from watching her devour slice after slice, he's fucking traumatized.
Her chair thought it could take it too.  
Olga stomp puny everything 
The gallon of ice cream you spoon at night will not fill the hole in your soul. Nor will that jelly-filled donut.
Did anyone else immediately see Pam in this picture?
A bad seed indeed.
How would she know? Nobody's ever offered.
I bet she takes whatever she can get...
Aren't you afraid that if we roast you during your AA meeting, you'll end up back in the alley again sucking off that bum again for a drop of alcohol? 
Dude. Her nose looks exactly like a pigs.
I bet she fucking stinks
She could definitely take a hook with a jaw like that.
Big Bertha. She looks like the lunch lady at a prison.
Someone photoshopped, "Roast me" on this poor beast's phone.  
It's Lourde's fatter sister, Lard
She's not confident enough for the comments, regardless of what she says
You literally dont even fit on my phone screen, you fucking whale. Its taking me about 3 swipes to make it across you. 
[removed]
You must have eaten too much pig because you are surely turning into one
You look like frankenstein's stunt double.
She can take a few hours at a buffet from the looks of it.
What, the cholesterol medication? Yes she can take it, and in fact she should.
"She" looks like a russian bearwrestler.
What she didn't realize is that no one wanted to give "it" to her
"Death by snu-snu!"
This could be the high school photo for the actress who plays the female guard in Orange is the New Black
At first glance she looked like a melting candle.
[Move over butter poster girl.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z1RzG5bvY_s)
She looks like Cindy Lou-hoo let herself go
Judging by that messed up face, she surely seems like she can take alot.
A moment of silence for all of the food she's going to inhale as she comfort eats her way to an early grave after reading this thread.
I finally found the girl from every hospital rom com ever! Why did you star in pitch perfect again?
Take what, the entire contents of every buffet everywhere?
'Tis no female
The only thing she's going to be taking is herself to Golden Corral after she's done with church. Better call ahead to let them know you're coming. 
That bad seed should have been swallowed. 
I'd roast her but Id never get the smell of pork out of my couch. 
[removed]
*he
Tell him he should really take the hormones if he wants to transition.
Well seeing what her arteries take daily she probably can.
Maybe she can take this roast, but she will never truly know if she can take a dick.
Yes, she does look like she could take it.
She can take it, just nobody wants to give it.
I would roast you but I've been trying to lay off pork.
Is her name Robert Paulson?
She might be bale to take it, but the chair can't
I bet there's a bottle of ranch dressing in that purse.
What exactly does that tarp say? It's too crumpled to read.  
She? 
I think the 'bad' thing her shirt is warning us is her slow metabolism.
The only bad seed is left in you after rush week. 
The only reason she has an otterbox is because her phone looks too much like a piece of chocolate. 
&gt; She said she could take it.  Did she mean with a side of fries?
I really liked her as the old host of Family Feud
you look like the type of woman to smoke during Pregnancy 
She?
The only "Bad Seed" is the one that established contact with the egg.
[removed]
The only thing she can't take is a long walk. 
Majin Buu exists?
Who can take it? Who are we roasting? Is she sitting behind that giant wad of chewed bubblegum?
And people want Japan to stop whaling...
You have to buy at least 2 seats in a plane.
she has the watch on military style so she never misses a feeding.
Im not sure you call that a she
Sure looks like it!
Not even lying, my phone crashed trying to open this image.
you cant roast a truck 
Delia put down the melons
Was she talking about the whole turkey?
It was Sunday when this was posted, Sunday is a perfect day for a hog roast.
You look like the chick that gets to drunk at a party and crys all night because no one will dance with you. 
Good to know the neckbeard meme guy finally had all that acne clear up.
Where is she? Behind this fat shaven neckbeard?
The white word on your t shirt represents your chances of getting laid, even by a juiced up dog.
Looks like Tess Munster 100 kilos ago.
She's one of those chicks that ends up being an obligatory lesbian.
she said she could take what, an entire chinese buffet?  she has "great blow jobs out of gratitude" written all over her
How much do you lift bro?
She looks like an abusive husband. 
Bad seed? Hell, I believe it, you look like Nick Cave.
The only thing she could take is all the pies.
The top should read 'The bad seed'.
This is what Adele would look like if she couldnt sing...
Tell your friend he's never going to be able to transition to female unless he starts taking hormones. Good luck with his new life though! #sobrave. 
I would write an insult, but unfortunately I do not speak Huttese.
The only thing she can't take is another Big Mac. Her heart will explode
Yeah, she could take down a Turduckin!
She?
Fat Albert is looking for his twin sister, I think she is found. Hooray 
whale whale whale what do we have here?
Since when do we give classes for pigs?
I bet she says that to all the guys..But no one wants to test that theory.
You're probably really nice so I'll go easy on you. Which is what you said right before you rode him cowgirl and broke his dick. 
She's handsome, reminds me of Adele. Yeah fat fat fatty fatty.  
How are things going with you and Kermit? Any kids yet?
Looking like a linebacker with eyeliner 
I knew Philip Seymour Hoffman wasn't dead! 
That over eaters anonymous meeting must be super boring. Did you find us by accident while scrolling /r/food?
I don't think she wants roasted, she looks more of a deep fried person.
Just like the other kids' food at lunch?
Her shirt says "The Bad Seed". Describes her perfectly.
Her shirt says "Bad seed." That's what her father though too. Her siblings got all the good seed
She does realize roast means insult and not the food right?
She's like a somehow uglier version of a cross between Lou Ferrigno and Michael Jackson
This is a roast, not ''roast beef''.