Heart disease has that covered  
You look like inbred Josh Peck from when he was still fat on Drake and Josh.
You look like fat Albert fucked a Mexican frog
Let's hope someone got him a gym membership for his biryhday.
So I guess jabba the hutt did get into college 
Big old dopey looking clod
your milkshake is the reason I'm lactose intolerant.
you look like you smell like asshole
His atherosclerotic plaques will prevent a 19th birthday for us.
He won't make it another year, because he's obviously a 38 year old convenience store worker on the verge of suicide.
Good for you! Just a heads up, rape sentences get a lot longer when you're over 18.
You're the type of guy that's looks at himself in the mirror while masterbating. 
Swallows? Or spit!  Either way this one is worthy of a test drive.
The circumference of your belly is probably as big as the dinner plates you eat off of.
You look like you can't run full speed without falling over. Start with a brisk walk, Jared.
I'm sure the obesity will take care of that 
You look like a pregnant man who shops for clothes exclusively at Target 
I hope for your own sake you are going to College to be a nutrionists
Dude i bet your dick's so small it looks like an acorn sitting in a bird's nest.   
Does the special ed center allow him to celebrate his birthday every day?
Kid shouldn't even have had a first.
Let me guess, his favorite past time is cake.
You have the wide birthing hips of a very fertile woman
"oh I guess I can finally watch porn now!"
That fuckin' sweatshirt should read 'SUCROSE'.
I think we figured out where all the maple syrup in Syracuse is going...  http://www.syracuse.com/news/index.ssf/2015/10/sugar_maples_in_danger_in_adirondacks_esf_study.html 
Don't let him see his 19th... kind of like how the stomach doesn't let him see his feet?
has syracuse university had a shooting yet?  because it looks like it's about to get one.
Humpty Dumpty has made his way to reddit
It's nice of you to visit mentally ill people. Maybe you should take this one for a couple laps around the yard. 
&gt;Don't let him see a 19th  I'm sure Burger King and Ramen are working on that.
You look like a Mexican pedophile who fails at attempting to rape little girls cause of his small penis
So this is what the frienzone looks like