Your mom is the only person who took a dump here. 
he dumped you for your dad?
It's not him, it's you
You got dumped for an actual lesbian
What, you lose your hand in an accident?
* You have the facial features of a fucking *modern arts* statue.  * Your hair couldn't be more fucking generic if it was copy pasted.  * Your wannabe beard is a fucking disgrace to manhood.  * Your smug grin makes me think you're either gay or a cowboy and the lack of hats and boots kinda narrows it down. 
I bet he was a real jerk when he was dumping you too.
Hold up a finger for every guy she's fucking tonight
I don't think having to register as a sex offender and signing a restraining order are the same thing as "being dumped".
How much does clothing cost in the matrix?
Did she switch over to men?
your sister found a new stud? mom will be in after light out to massage the pole
Yer single, Harry
Aw, did she close her blinds 
I'm sure that picture would make a lovely crosspost to /r/punchablefaces.
I can see why.
Did she dump you for your younger brother? Or were you so disappointing she went lesbian?
Who would date you in the first place?
New rosy-cheeked dork doll.  Hair sold separately.
He made the right choice.
Your lips look drawn on
Dumped is usually not quite so literal. 
Your chin has a chin
I hope she stole your heart. Serves you right for stealing Christmas. 
Don't worry you'll rebound fast, you've got that twink look all the tumblr girls love 
She gave you 3 weeks to get rid on the neckbeard goatee. Just because you trim it doesn't make you look like shit.   On the other hand, you would still look like shit. 
Well now that you're a lonely boy, you can start up that Black Keys cover band you've always wanted.
you look like the fuckboy that gets arrested for skateboarding in the church parking lot
Is that supposed to  be facial hair or did you do a halfassed job of wiping the Nutella off your face before taking the picture?
She realized that her hands were manlier than yours'.
It appears as though you tried to use bosley's hair club for a beard without realizing the hair on your head is better than the prepubescent hair on your balls. 
Just got dumped? Step two is to flush you.
Dumped? How does the pile of shit on your head feel?
Did he realize you were a guy?
OHHH, your problem is easy to solve. He probably dumped you because the pubic hair on your chin was tickling his balls. Shave your face and go see if he'll take you back. 
You probably got dumped because she was tired of dating a lesbian with a chin strap 
I bet your dad doesn't make solid eye contact with you anymore
I'm not surprised you were dumped, just surprised you were in a relationship in the first place.
Looks like u dumped ur beard off ur face
So they dumped, but didn't even flush it down?
You look like you use those writing notepads
This post has 15 upvotes. The one with the fatty has 350+  Tfw even reddit doesn't want you
&gt;Just got dumped  I'm not suprised
Holy crap, a real life ventriloquist dummy!
you just got dumped? i guess they just forgot to flush  don't worry, some day you'll meet a nice girl from the institute of the blind  your beard looks like puberty gave up in disgust 
That's what you get for not paying her. 
He made the right choice, you have the hair of the most generic anime sidekick and the scraggly trying-to-be-a-beard of a stunted 17 year old. your boyfriend probably found someone who doesn't fail at sucking cock despite having one.
You look like the typical Tumblr feminist that sobs when you get dumped because you would get offended when you realize that it's he, not a she.
Do you smile like a pervert to conceal the braces your parents bought to fix a terrible mistake? (You)
Cut the hair it's a bit shapeless.  
You had a girlfriend?! 