I didn't know Tim Burton was making a movie about inbreds!
Is this picture before or after you guys fucked in front of your meth dealer in exchange for a 10 bag? But in all seriousness don't pick acme, though at this point I think you both have crossed the point of no return and should just take a belt sander to the face. 
Judging from the picture that isn't the only coke you two enjoy.
Brother and Sister Act Pt 3 after the romp in the sack they still are ugly
Finally! A couple I would not pay to watch fuck. Yes, I know they are brother and sister, but so do they and it doesn't stop them.
This looks like the cover of a Russian mother &amp; son incest porn. 
After they watched Twilght, they looked at each other and said, "this is totally us."
Zits and Tits
Here's a suggestion. Take a shower.
The funny thing is that a face swap would make both you guys at least 10x better.
Meth. Not even once.
Alabama's finest. 
This looks like an uncomfortably touchy aunt spiking her nephew's coke
It's like the 'Before' picture in a Proactiv commercial.
That chick applied for meth hooker No.4 in Breaking Bad, but was rejected for being too hardcore.
Madame Tussaud needs to stop leaving the Macaulay Culkin figure out in the sun or else his face will keep melting like that.
If you connect all their dots it draws a pentagram....spooky.
Left side is before   and   right side is after the sex change
Your face looks like a police sketch done by Micheal J Fox
A face that modern medical facial cleansing and makeup might actually have no hope in repairing !!
Trailer Trash
Look, it's young Sid and Nancy, if Sid had a serious acne problem, and Nancy didn't have genital herpes.
She should stop buying makeup.  It's not helping. 
Wow, when that's the kind of girl that has you in the friendzone you might as well give up on life.
You both have the complexion of a partially healed birdshot wound. 
I'm sorry about the mercury poisoning... and the acne... and the sex change... and the early stages of Lou Gehrig's... and her burns... and her hairline...  ...I'm not sorry.
It's the acne twins, Fag-Hag and Denial
I've never seen two grosser people in the same frame.
You look like you just wrapped up a three day ketamine binge.
Brendan Frasier must not have a lot to do now that his career tanked. 
You look like the kind of people that wear black to express how dead inside you are.
Its like a Harry Potter spin off: Belletrix and the Full-Browed Dunce.
Nice eyebrow 
You two could be Hitler's wet dream. 
If you get your sister pregnant the child has a high probability of coming out retarded. 
BFF = busted fucking face
cutest inbred couple out! have fun you cute siblings :)
This isn't basketball dude you can do better than a three.
The "Thing on the Right's" face is skewed more then the chances of him getting anything less hideous then the "Thing on the Left". 
dude you are such a loser that gollum's sister friend zoned you  and hey, sweet cheeks, wearing that bulky hoody and smashing up against him does not help. we know you are fat  and it looks like your hair is fleeing your face in terror  it is cute the way you two have matching zits
By our foreheads combined, we are the surface of the moon. Craters so deep, it looks like WW3 took place on your faces.
Each face has more craters than the moon and even the coke friendzoned you both.
You two probably spend weekends together killing cats and act like faggots on tumblr
I can't tell who friend zoned who?
Y'all are the ugly couple everyone talked shit about in high school.
I wish you two could sit on my front lawn so it would cut itself. Actually that would be annoying for you guys, because all the blind people in my neighborhood would try reading your faces.
The one on the left looks like transgender Harry Potter on crack.
When people say "bump uglies" they don't mean your faces.
Did you guys meet at the same terrible dermatologist? 
You're an anti-meth ad waiting to happen.
wow,  this is the most difficult case to solve of "who friend-zoned who" ever
She's too hot for you. And she's ugly as fuck.
sweetie, you didn't need to place a bff can over your faghag's head...  it's quite easy to see what you both are. (but [gyspy 83](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsKEWy86itw) this is not, so get some sun.)