Left to right.  Future welfare queen in some Miami hood.    Cries during anal.  Husband will cheat on her with her sister.  Dies in childbirth.  Doctor high fives the husband.
The good news is you all look like you text and drive 
Someone please explain to Chief Wiggum the difference between "nice" tits and "fat chick" tits. 
If I had to guess I'd say that the 3 white girls are only friends with the cute Hispanic girl because it gives them street cred.
From left to right:  "Latino daisy duck, they say her selfies show up in ornithology papers."  "Generic brand bachelorette: the discount bin version. Her forehead and chest makes a Nimitz-class aircraft carrier look out of jealousy: so much flat real estate."  "Sarah the unsure: always has to be convinced to do stuff, like being in this picture. You can see it in her eyes."  "The smug princess: a psychology project gone awry, thinks she's superior to everyone despite somehow looking even more generic than girl N2 with no outstanding features barring her perpetual look of abject superiority."  "The cursed: this bitch watched Samara's tape. Judging by the distortion she's got 4 days left."
So this is the standard of woman that twos on a spliff could get me.
This friend group is like the copies made by a defective copier: they all look look exactly the same, except for the one weird outlier that comes out all crumpled and warped and covered in black toner.
That thing on the left looks like her belly button is hungry.
1. No, you do not look like Michelle Rodriguez. No, that shirt is not flattering. Please don't listen to what your "friends" tell you.  2. I really want to tell you to just not raise your eyebrow, but I think you need a total left-face reduction.  3. Being the cute friend has to be a good ego-booster until you realize your "friends" will all be married with kids while you're still banging drunk frat boys into your mid-30s.  4. You don't seem to be able to find the camera pointing right at you. I guess you're trying to be a model in spite of that face?  5. We sympathize with your pain, purple-shirt. It will all be over soon.
life will roast 1 (bernie sanders interrupt meets miss piggy) and 2 (clown makeup) easily.  3 and 4, call me when you're 21.  Actually 3, looks like a lot of people have already called on you  
The two with the peace signs look like their future husbands will be racially profiled. The two sitting look like they'd cheat on their husbands with someone who would be racially profiled.
You three look great
The hispanic chicks tits are bigger than all three of whiteys combined
[deleted]
the thugs of beverly hills p.o.?
Left to right  Surprised she hasn't tried eating her sausage fingers yet.  When did Manu Ginobili start dressing in drag?   The girl who dates bad boys to make daddy mad. When he really doesn't give a fuck about you at all.  She looks like she would try to blow an ugly/desperate professor to get better grades and get denied.  The friend they don't normally invite out to Dunkin Donuts  
Did you buy the mannequin to hold the phone or was it already there when you came in?
From left to right- chubby cholo, probably banged in and not jumped into a gang, nose girl will get plastic surgery, but not on the beak. Maybe a jaw job. Semi attractive one will be a trophy wife, but not in a big,hip city. Somewhere like Toledo. Next to her is the one that will have a "stolen" home porn "leaked" onto the internet (wink wink). Thats all you will be memorable for. Girl in booth- afraid to be in the picture because of some photos she texted a guy that got handed around.  None if you are special, and most will hit the wall hard in their 30's.
When realizing this is as good as it gets in life the dark roast wont cut it , destined to a life of meth , alcohol and eternal boredom with endless emotional regret !!
Someone run to 7/11 get a box of kotex's. The flow is about to gush.
I'd tell the chick holding the phone that you need a stiff upper lip to make it in life, but uhhh..........
TIL "Jew-wannabe" is a thing.  Mazel Tov, ladies.
They still sell promise rings?
Good news - cute enough for porn Bad news - gay male porn
You are all mother hens.
Oh christ too easy. You all look like you're getting together to whine about your first-world problems.  And you aren't supposed to EAT the lipstick.  And please, if you're going to fangirl over Chad from school, who is probably an asshole, do so out of earshot so I can't hear the hyper neurotic squeals that must escape your tiny, tween throats. 
L - R   The token "dark roast" of the group   The drinks-coffee-but-still-loves-Twilight one   A-Cup    Down's Syndrome
I see a lot of Red Hat Society meetings in your futures. 
What the fuck is this? The bootleg version of The Sister Hood of Traveling Pants? 
Don't go to the senior parties 
They're all the ugly token friend...
That looks like it will hold 16oz. That's a lot for a belly button.
You all look like you achieve lower results in school than you are capable of getting through more active involvement in your academic pursuits. 
From left to right:  Yeah id lean my head back to hide the neck fat too  Your face is the definition of cumdumpster  Dump the guy who bought you that cheap ass ring  Your eyes are horrible  And that chick in the background, idk if she is in your group but if her forhead was a state it would the second largest in the Union
bitch on the far right in background looks like her forehead about to avalanche or some shit, damn. https://gyazo.com/dba278a808ab8fcad50683319a267474
Left looks like a pig face, next one has a bird beak for a nose, third one sticks those two fingers up some buttholes and the last one looks hammered drunk.
left to right-  big titted latina who will weigh 350lbs and have a mustache in ten years. she is probably out offering blow jobs for a green card  midget in the middle's ass i still hurting from the last time the latina used a strap on. sad to see Mr Ed's daughter has fallen so low  the blonde indicating her IQ is one of those "cool moms" who can't face the fact that she is not a teen anymore. she actually traded a bottle of vodka to a homeless man for that stolen wedding ring  smug looking "they can't touch me" bitch on the right is looking for the perfect man- one with a van full of candy and puppies. in the meantime, she is waiting for her turn to get the strap-on 
Definitely a case of The Cheerleader Effect: together you seem like a nice group of girls, but if you look closer at each of you, I think a couple of nearby haunted houses are missing employees. 
Oh you 2 look gorgeous
You know you're in trouble when the most attractive girl in the group is the fat chick.  
OMG its Cimorelli on crack!
Threesome with the two on the left, cum in the butt of the one sitting down. Fat one slurps it out and spits it in the ugly one's face. 
The movie duff was inspired by this group 
Left to right.  Belly shirt? Well, cleeeeaarly shes an optimist   Says i love you on the first date  Syphilis today, gonorea tomorrow  Practice girlfriend  Masterbates to one direction music videos     
Is the brown one your pimp? If so have him tell the one in the middle to tone down on the makeup no amount of contouring can control those chipmunk cheeks. Tell the one with the dunkin donuts and peace sign that she nailed the basic bitch look, emphasis on bitch. Oh and the one in white closest to the frame? Don't tell her anything from the looks of it your cholo pimp already told her twice. 
"Like like give me like the like like whatever is like you know like pumpkin spice like like."