So far you've been avoided by luck and puberty.  At this rate you'll be immortal because even death won't dare touch you.
[deleted]
I feel like if you smiled in this picture, I'd see a few missing teeth
Your hair looks like a dollar store mop.
I'm pretty sure you just photoshopped "r/RoastMe" on your mugshot at juvy.
"Friends"
how many moms have you banged over xbox live today?
can't tell if you're a little Austrian girl or German boy
Feeling a little down lately? I think you've had it your whole life.
Did your mom force you to do this roast for flunking 6th grade?
You have to be 13 to be roasted, kid.
No entirely comfortable with roasting a 93 year old grandmother, but here we go. First things First, you once sang that 'Waiting is the hardest part' - we didn't think you were singing about getting your drivers permit. And lastly, why don't you go stand next to something for scale.
beans?
You look like the lead singer of Radiohead after a week of chemo.
Didn't that fat kid body slam you after you tried to punch him?
You look like a lesbian named Ruth.
I'm glad the social workers managed to find you a nice foster home.  And I'm really sorry that your real parents mistreated you so badly.
Can carrots be anemic? 
So what have you been up to since being body slammed by that kid you were bullying? 
Why would you do this to your little brother? What has he ever done to you that you would force him to take this picture and post it on THIS subreddit?
Neat. A red potato.
Your diaper is leaking little boy
Your grade school class is going to the zoo. Don't forget to bring your really cool lunch pail mommy bought you.
i bet you hang with catholic priests a lot  you look like the picture on the milk carton that no one would care about  who does your hair, pedro the landscaper?  
HOLY SHIT IT'S BEANS FROM EVEN STEPHENS 
effects of too much mountain dew and doritos
Hey look, I didn't know Nichole from Youtube had a child.
I can't, I think if I did it would not only be child abuse but also taking advantage of a mentally handicapped individual. 