And this is where we store the Christmas decorations. It's also our son's room, we didn't have anywhere smaller to hide him from people.
"sometimes I have nightmares where a horse is staring at me but then I realise its only a mirror"
Did you stumble upon [Donald Trump](http://www.diariotijuana.info/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/maar02-donald-trump-portrait.jpg)'s wig collection?
Ok, who posted a picture of their penis with a toupee on it?
You look like you're in the closet in more ways than one.
You look like sloth from the goonies if he went on a weight loss kick
[deleted]
Your face is longer than sitting through a chick flick with the girl who friend zoned you.
I offer my sympathies to you for the death of your son on his wedding day at the hands of his uncle. He was so young..
those lips are chapped from pole smoking.  Yet another white boy leaning towards the same sex lifestyle.
Let's do Starbucks then a motel.
In reviewing qtMittens handle history---we find this....  https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3790/9681798506_e0ae183264_b.jpg  So it is pretty clear that our roastee likes his guys naked, and between the sheets. 
you look like clancy brown's retarded child  where did you find that 80's shirt hoody, in the back of homo monthly?  you take being in the closet to a whole new level  i love your decor. all it needs to make it perfect is a can of gasoline and a lighter  
http://i.imgur.com/E6N4gn3.gifv  Let's work on our hips together mittenz
Son - "Mum, my face is too big"  Mum - "Don't worry son you'll grow into it"  Biggest.lie.ever.told.
You've got more head than Amy Winehouse gave during her heroin days.
Northern European looking motherfucker right here. You look like someone went into the character creation screen of a video game and just hit random buttons, I could draw a line separating your eyes, nose and mouth and they would all look like they belonged to a completely different person. Double points for taking a photo in front on your parents closet, nice to see when you leave the basement you at least have the decency to avoid the rest of the family because honestly I'm sure they all find you creepy and off putting  Boom Roasted 
fetal alcohol syndrome
you don't even have the balls to look directly at the camera