That's a face that screams transgender librarian.
Imagine if a pretty girl had your wit.
That nose could sniff out a coup d'tat
I thought French girls were suppose to be beautiful...Maybe France should reconsider their burqa laws.
Isn't there a gutter somewhere you should be lying in, drinking turpentine, and complaining about how uncivilized the rest of Europe is in between burps?
I bet you go to a cafe with a book and people watch. Oh how French of you. Burn. Roasted!
Why bother, you'll just surrender the second it gets too much for you.
ITT: hilarious comebacks from the roastee, a river of weaksauce flowing from the roasters. 
You look like you don't shave your armpits and like to think you know the human soul 
I need some clarification before I can roast you. Does Frenchie describe your nationality or your fetish for licking the inside of an asshole? 
French women are thought to be the epitome of sexy. You have effectively proved that wrong.
I bet your natural French instinct to surrender is what caused you to give up on art school. 
The eyebrows say "le baguette" but the masculine nose screams "le faguette."
Is that a white flag? I accept your surrender.
Your eyes are so big and close together that you look like a cyclops.
Because during the brief moment you look up from your caf and make eye contact with that random person, You became apart of their story. They only thought "God, I hope I'm never that alone". Double roasted hold the cream and sugar. Coffee burn. 
I give up.
Have fun stage managing High school theater for the rest of your life!
Are you a guy or a girl. garcon ou fille ? 
She looks like she's posting on Facebook that she's just been diagnosed with breast cancer and if you get 5000 likes she gets her surgery
I know we are supposed to roast, but I have to say the roastee is funnier on all accounts this round.
I thought I hated France because of Zidane, but now seeing you...
Your snatch probably looks like a bearded homeless man's mouth.
You look like you would shed all over my couch. 
Hold your horses, Minnie Mouse
You look like Anne Hathaway's poo.
Your skin looks like it used to be silly putty that was stretched over a knee and then used as skin.
you look like Master Splinter
You're the kind of 6/10 that thinks she's a 9/10 and doesn't understand why she gets fucked and chucked on the regular by dudes way out of her league. 
why are French broads alway so angry, bitter, ugly and hairy? I surrender!
https://streamable.com/i4qy
Your boyfriend is more gay than I am  http://i.imgur.com/QBYuwqu.jpg
You have huge fingers. 
Welp.  This explains why French men are so lazy.
The poster child of inbreeding of the French !!
I was going to roast you, but I'm sure you gave up already. 
That fact that we needed your help to gain our independence is shameful in hindsight.
You're eyebrows are as thick and unsightly as the Maginot Line.
Spray paint your glasses and put them back on, im tired of seeing your eyes
Pro-tip: Your eyebrows are not meant to look like flippers on a pinball machine.
This isn't the first time the French have held up a white sign. 
Assistant Manager has been the highlight of your career. At K-Mart.
You should retreat from this post before its too late
This is why you should never hit random in character creation.
Was there a specific point when you stopped putting effort into your appearance or were you born having already given up?
I can't go on.  I give up.
Femme a lunette...
Guys! I found Anne Frank's skeleton! 
I read it as "Roast *we*" then I realized she's French. 
I bet you're interesting.
I'm get a psycho / praying mantis vibe.  Take her out, nice glass of wine... feeling a little sleepy... huh?  Wake up tied to the bed, see this face looking down on you, the "watching a bug pinned in a display case" expression, the looooong skinny arms, you follow the arms down to the loooong skinny fingers... that are holding ... oh god, that's a huge dildo !!
You're just typing, but I can still hear your terrible accent
[removed]
ATTENTION ALL RAGHEADS!  Move to France.  The women are baggers and the men are bottoms.  Peoples Exhibit #1 is the OP.
You're such a slut that I bet your vagina is like a wizards sleeve.
As if the cheese and garlic wasn't off-putting enough. 
The only thing the French did right was invent croissants
WTF ?!? You got to post your baby pix. , you owe us that at least !
Did you cut off your hair because you realized you had no tits and wanted to show everyone how genderqueer you are? We get it, you like pussy!
I'll tell you what I don't got. Foetal alcohol syndrome. You do though. 
Man your surrender reflex is so strong you vomit comments at every attempt to oppress you. If Paris were like you, it would've smelled like piss and vomit after the Germans invaded.. Oh wait... It still does
Not sure if I'm looking at Stuart Little or Remy from *Ratatouille* here..