When I think "German hip hop artist", this is what comes to mind
Straight outta centerlink
Looks like you have the money to afford nice brands, but haven't the slightest fucking clue how to dress yourself.
You are the second coming of Vanilla Ice
Hey dwight
you can say cunts, you dont have to curse in you-latin
The movie Malibu's Most Wanted is a biopic centered on your life 
american here, so i can't really speak to what must be standard issue chavwear in the uk, but if you were in the US there's no way in hell that you weren't a mid-1990s midatlantic college frat boy hiding a some kind of rat-tail/mullet hybrid behind that polo topper.  i can almost smell the IROC z28 with t-tops from here.
Oh hey it's nice to see that your mom finally cleaned the kitchen floor. Please turn the lights back on so she can finish making breakfast. We don't want you to be late for school.
Is this the teaser photo for the new "Vanilla Ice Goes Homeless" show? 
It's DJ 'no one gives a shit about your dubstep cd you are selling out of your car'
Definitely the kind of guy that acts hard, but will piss himself as soon as someone with so much as a tan steps up to him.
You look like the real life PC prinicipal... you PC BRO??!!
Ralph hat AND ralph polo? Fucking casual
The only thing you could bash is your dick, while using your own tears as lube.
You drive your parents station wagon or van don't you?   This everyone is a pedophile in training. 
Did you really just use pig-latin on the internet? I don't think I can roast someone this retarded.
John Cena lookalike without the muscles, or women hanging on each arm.
You look like a shitty version of [Yung Lean](https://www.google.com/search?q=yung+lean&amp;oq=yung+lean&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j69i61j0l4.1136j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;es_sm=119&amp;ie=UTF-8) 
you put the pig in pig latin
You look like the type of guy to say "Fuck the police" but then as soon as the police car goes past you, you're waving like a cracker
2Pac called. Son, he is disappoint. 
Is this even you? 
Your attempt in graffiti is terrible you toy. Also you look like your mom's bitch 
What are thooooooose?!
Dudes in prison all sit/stand that way. So tell us about the joint and Bubba at night.
Where did you find Fred Dursts High School senior photo?
You look like the kind of guy that would beat his girlfriend for standing up for you against your friends because they were making fun of your gay ass glasses.
a john cena wannabe who can't say cunt is going to bash my ass? you look like youre just begging for street cred by dressing up as a thug
What social group do you wish to belong to? Rappers? Polo players? White middle class male? Can you do a trout pout? I hate affectations. 
amazon called, all clothing under $20 on sale this weekend only.
Even your shadow looks embarrassed for you.
You don't have to speak pig Latin just because your mom gets porked more than a Korean bar b q. 