I bet he was straight, up until he grew into his body and realized gay was his only option. 
Take away the sign and you still walk around with your hands like that
Jizz has no spf protection. Smearing it all over his face does not protect him from burns. You should know better. 
It looks like a chipmunk fucked all of the village people and its baby was born with down syndrome.
There are better things to use for hair products than jizz.
By god, he's barely gayer than Tom Cruise
I guess not all gay men have a good fashion sense.
Your gay roommate should be the poster child of the "it gets worse" campaign. It will be kinda like the "it gets better" campaign, but instead he will be there to encourage other gay kids to kill themselves early on cause he is the example of what they could become in the future. 
No surprise that he's got herpes on his face then 
He will be doing his hair like that his whole life. Even after his thinning hair fucks him
You look like a video game character creation gone wrong.
Have you ever wondered why you always get arrested after having sex?
Seeing as this public toilet cruising, chutney ferret probably had the clap most of his adult life, it's no wonder that he's used to the burning sensation.
Oh wow, it's Will Wheaton with anime eyes.
Has your doctor told you thats not Herpes Simplex on your mouth?
I hope you enjoy going bald in a few years
Looks like you got rejected from an off broadway rendition of rent. 
Your mouth herpes looks fabulous today.
The only thing "big" about him is his gaping butthole
So is "gay roommate" the story you are telling your parents this Thanksgiving? 
No way that guy is gay...
That shit on your lip has shit on it's lips.
Thout he'd have more muscle with all the white protein hes been eating.
Son of a bitch his weenie washer already has a blemish on it.
Looks like the sort of guy who would build his entire persona on the stereotype of a token gay best friend from a failed MTV sitcom.
has no one brought up the herpes on his face?
Butters best friend 
Why does his head get smaller like someone pinched his chin....and another bobble head ass mofo on here lol 
"Did someone say butt plug"
I honestly thought that gay community had some sort of standards, apparently they'll accept anyone these days
Who put LSD on his buttplug? 
The fact that this is Acadia University's meal hall is enough of an insult.  EDIT: Upon closer review, this is not Acadia. So.. just tell him he's a faggot and leave it at that. I suck at this.
I pray your hair doesn't fall into your eyes, with the amount of hair products in it you may blind those beady motherfuckers.
You look like a salesperson who is one rejection away from committing suicide by jumping from a 20-story building.
Oh lovely, Nancy is anorexic 
He looks like Hammy the squirrel from Over the Hedge
Why do I get a feeling that he's in the westboro baptist church
How does he know he's gay, He's clearly never fucked anyone
I bet you don't even know what your real voice sounds like anymore
type of fairy that thinks he has standards just because his dad, uncle, and priest faught for him when he was younger
The only over-the-top flamboyant gay guy to get ignored at every point of the party. Dude looks like a Hannah Barbera abortion.
It's like Adam Scott's face and a kitten fucked and rolled a one. 
He looks like a walking stereotype. The kind of guy you'd find crying on the stairs at half eleven in a house party saying, "I'm not a bitch, I just say it how I see it!"  If I were you, I'd consider moving out.
Wow, this guy is a real inspiration. It's not often a gay guy is unfashionable, unkempt, and malnourished. Tell him to keep showing that gays can be just as ugly as anyone else.
Can't roast what's already flaming
2 words Crack baby
I bet he's still in the closet...waiting for you to fall asleep so he can steal your soul.
He looks like the "reformed" counselor at a pray the gay away camp whose not fooling anyone
For Halloween, you should dress up as Sheriff Woody from Toy Story. No mask or make up required.
Is he Jared from Silicon Valley?
You know something's wrong when your teeth are darker than your skin color
We know he is immune to burns. He keeps getting roasted 
You look like anyone who met you might expect Chris Hansen to come around the corner and ask them to have a seat over there. 
i hope you didnt pay money for that haircut. your nose is about as straight as you. you probably say know mean girls word for word
Even Jared from subway wouldn't fuck this kid. 
Hello frisco
You look like your name is travis
Your hair is thinner than my cellphone network's coverage.
He dresses like a background character in a cartoon. 
The blue on your shirt really brings out your eyes.  Actually, your skull really bring out your eyes. That stubble on your chin looks like you forgot to water the chia pet. You are so skinny, this isn't a roast, it's a wither. 
You are a disgrace to the male gender to the human race as a whole good lord I just want to hit you
You look like somebody that everyone in the room is tired of after 2 minutes. 
You EXUDE self-loathibg
Human q tip? 
You look kinda like the gay embodiment of "listen to this shitty song enough and eventually it will grow on you."
You look like Tom Cruise snorted an 8 ball of coke and then painted a self portrait. 
Did his head grow for every cock he sucked?
Of course an alien-eyed freak like that would like to probe asses.
You don't need to tell us he's gay. God damn, I can detect the AIDS just by seeing his face.
[more pics of op](http://imgur.com/oRZfgQo)
Old peewee Herman in the face ass nigga