"Broadcast live, the Autism network! All sequential prime numbers, all the time!"
Jesus... it looks like your school joined Glee club with the special needs program.
How does payday work for you guys, do you split the $20 check five ways or do you draw straws on who gets to eat that week?
"The Think Tank whose thoughts tank!"      I've seen high school AV clubs operating out of janitor's closets who are probably more successful than you.      But now on to the proud members of your crew!      - Mr. Orange: proudly holding up the /r/roastme sign, a forced smile telling us that he wishes he were holding a diploma, or anything that could impress his parents. His glasses aren't doing their job if he can't see how sad his life is running a ragtag crew of mouthbreathers.      - Mr. Maroon. Lives on coffee and mostly just lingers under peoples armpits. His haunting stare serves to discomfort the few guests you actually get on your program.      - Mr. Blue. He's the pity member of your crew. You give him a microphone and headset to speak with but keep them unplugged. He also can't seem to stop licking the mic.      - Mr. White. The intellectual, he has the lumbering stance of an elephant on a chair, and a fashion sense that could rival a 90's boy band. Please don't ask him about his thoughts on religion.      - Mr. Black. Frustrated about his lot in life as the sound guy, he's only doing this Think Tank gig until his Star Wars themed tribute band hits off. 
The general rule of thumb is that 1 in every 5 guys in a room is still a virgin. Whoever came up with that statistic never visited your radio station. 
Blue shirt: you look like you're in charge of sound effects. No, you don't pull sound bytes, you just make noises into the mic. Maroon shirt: you're in charge of relationship advice. You've single-handedly caused more virginities than My Little Pony. Yellow shirt: also referred to as DJ Khalorie. You know all of the jams, but usually prefer strawberry. Red shirt: self titled event coordinator and horoscope reader. I see a Cancer in your future. Black shirt: you're the go-to guy for booking interviews. This week features a look at the toxic nature of mainstream music and radio, featuring yourself 
What is Ellen Degeneres and Chef Boyardee doing on a radio show together? 
Which parents basement are you broadcasting from today?   I'm just kidding, I'm sure you guys are drowning in D&amp;D pussy.  
These guys applied for a job at Clear Channel. Even they said "whoa there guys. Even WE have standards."
The guy on the left looks ready to blowjob that microphone
I'm sure we could come up with something. Let us know if you ladies ever find 5 dudes to post. 
Sure, where are they?
You guys have the perfect faces for radio
I bet at least three of you work as part time Uber drivers.
I could only find static on your channel until I realized it was just the sound of you mouth breathers spitting into the mic.
Sick dungeons and dragons radio show, set this up in one of your step dads basements?
Opie does better radio than you guys. 
Kid on the left looks like Stephen Hawking and Hellen Keller had a baby with autism. 
Has a woman other than your mothers ever even looked at you?
You should be posting in r/pedophile as a group there is definitive skills for the chesters
"Hey gang, welcome to Think Tank, I'm the villain from Hard Candy, with my partner Sammy Scoliosis. In studio today, we have a child molester, the wigger reincarnation of Notorious B.I.G., and some guy we just met at buying a leather hat from a Renaissance Fair."
Why don't you come up with your own jokes, you talentless hacks?  "We need to kill 15 minutes of airtime.  Should we make a funny sketch?" *SMACK* "ARE YOU CRAZY? WE COULDN'T WRITE OUR WAY OUT OF A WET PAPER BAG." "I know! We'll get tens of internet uses to write insults for us and read them on air." "BRILLIANT! I LOVE BECAUSE IT COMPLETELY LACKS ORIGINALITY!"
Sorry, but Five Guys One Boom Mic is not something I would enjoy watching.
Sure do you have a picture of five dudes? 
You assholes make Jonah Hill look like Samuel L Jackson.  The five of you get less tail than a Catholic Nun.  If you're the future of radio then may it sound the death bell.  You make me ashamed to call myself a nerd.
I don't think sitting around making fun of each other's mental illnesses qualifies as a "think tank."
Did you just finish clopping together before you took these pictures?
The dude with the mic is holding it like it's his boyfriends cock, and the dude right behind him can't believe the whole thing fit in his mouth. And there you are in your bright read sweater getting ready to yell, "Take 2".
this is what happens when you send children of incest to college
If you weren't hiding those mugs behind soundproof booths, you'd all be ringing bell towers.
What's it like to be invited to the World's Saddest Gangbang?
"Only our mom's listen to our station.  Let's try to get edgy and have the internet make material for us."
You guys look like the boy band Lou Pearlman took advantage of but, never made famous like the others.
I bet the creativity of your radio station is mirrored by your collective fashion sense.
this photo roasts itself. 
I am happy to see that the gay community is getting involved with radio entertainment finally.
Sure we can. Now if you young ladies would be so kind as to get the fellas we can begin.
Oh look, another shit tier radio station is grasping for material. I bet you fucks have never had an original thought in your lives. 
You all have the perfect face for radio. Bravo.
Yeah.... Because that's going to make my day better.... Watching you five queers form some kind of gay, ass to mouth human centipede on YouTube.  
What a coincidence, my cat has his own internet radio talkshow from ten till midnight on Sunday's. 
Is the dude in the red  Stephen Hawking?
Red is smiling cause he beat off in that dude's white hat ten minutes prior.
5? wow...that's the same amount of seats on the short bus
No. If I wanted to write material for radio, Id still get paid for it.
You guys probably sit around and circlejerk each other to MLP shipping, and I bet one of you cosplays as a Supernatural character at conventions.
Congratulations to all of you for getting through high school without shooting anyone. 
An iPhone in a Denny's bathroom stall isn't really a radio station. 