You only became a fan after you heard they had an immigrant song
You better wash those dirty sanchez stripes off your forehead before you get pinkeye again. 
You probably never ever heard Led Zepplin, but "I saw that shirt on the mannequin at Kohl's and I knew I had to have that look!" 
Your eyebrows make you look like a Picasso painting. 
If "don't cum on me, thats gross" had a face. 
Your F-ugly twin sister has posted also :http://imgur.com/a/SCe4O
Your face is so busted, your upper lip is trying to hide itself from embarrassment. 
Why did you highlight your worst feature?
"I'm an old soul." and "I was born in the wrong generation." are probably used in your daily vocabulary.
They took out your wisdom teeth but those chipmunk cheeks never went down 
You could park two Cadillac's in that nasal cavity.  
I bet you think toothy blowjobs feel good, don't you? 
[I don't think Buddy Holly's much of a waiter.](http://assets.rollingstone.com/assets/images/list_item/buddy-holly-20101202/buddy-holly.jpg)
"How do you want your roast? Burn to a crisp or bloody as hell?"  Is it that time of the month?
Thailands version of barbie but targeted at child sex workers! Complete with the kind of smile only someone whose self-esteem is entirely based on strange men's approval can make! 
Miss, there is no need to point to your mouth, all of the guys know which hole to put it in. My advice is to take a break from all of the mouth gangbangs or your cheeks will never stop swelling up.
Your eyebrows are as small as your chance, that "Led Zepplin" would you use you as a throw away fuck doll.
You look like a painting by someone who can't do faces.
You look like the prototype of a bad sex doll that was turned over to the testing division.
Downs' overbite, bug-bug-bug eyes, those eyebrows...  It's like you're like a doll made of leftover parts.  Evidentally a Ken doll, as the perfectly straight lines of "Led Zeppelin" are unaffected by any breast curvature at all.  
If I ever need cheap rebound sex with someone I never want to see again I'll text you.
everything but your facial features when through puberty, maybe if you yank on that stick up your ass youre mouth would shut
Don't need to roast you, you look like an oven baked rice cracker. -Sass and me.
You look like leather face. 
You look like when they remake a face out of clay from a skull on one of those forensic cop or archaeology shows.
At the very least the lack of any tits lets you still browse the young men's section.
You were clearly born without a face and plaster it on every morning. That or you have strokes basically all day and your face is constantly melting. 
Your personality is probably as fake as your music choices.
Did you draw your eyebrows on with the same marker you wrote on your hand with?
MTV exec here, we need an emergency replacement on Geordie Shore for a female. You fit the bill.
it looks like someone killed you and is wearing your face stretched over theirs
I thought I was browsing r/dogswitheyebrows
You know your ugly when your nose has almost the same width as your mouth, The fact that your pointing at it so casually makes me realize all the insecurities hidden in your nostrils.
Have you been letting blind people draw apostraphes above your eyes again?
I know the Chinese will eat anything but you've took it to another level munching off your top lip.  
Don't you hate it when you're too poor to own paper so you write shit on your hands?