Two fives don't always equal a ten...
Moms Teaching Teens is really getting desperate.
Not sure if the girl on the right is mildly attractive or it just appears that way because of who she's next to.
A study in opposites:  Nice teeth vs. snaggleteeth  Thick natural eyebrows vs. drawn-on caterpillars   Long thick natural hair vs. bottle disaster  Looks older than her age vs. looks younger than her age  Regular clothes vs. Ren Faire-wear  Pockmarked vs. ... well ... a little less pockmarked.  Like some kind of Rorschach Test for unbangables... 
The one on the left looks like a puppet and the one on the right looks like something you'd get ambushed by travelling to Markarth
I bet yellow-shirt's teeth get pubes caught in them on a regular basis.
Pretty ladies! You know what would complete the look? A Burqa and sunglasses.
Oh wow, your smiles look as worn out as your vaginas.
You look like eastern european models for Khol's
Is this a Face Swap picture gone horribly wrong? 
(Right) did anal... (Left) gave head.... They both got the job and became best of slut friend. 
i couldnt decide between an ugly joke or a ugly joke, good thing you both posted
The girl on the right is going to suck way too many dicks just to end up in middle management.
Bet when you hang out with each other you both think you look hotter by contrast.
Worst lesbian porn I've seen in awhile.
"Fine, I'll do a 'Roast Me' with you if you promise to fix my ratty ass hair".
The one in the yellow looks like Emma Roberts fucked Gollum 
http://imgur.com/4stB9x8
In hell that's the kind of choice you have to make. 
Girl in the yellow shirt better call her surgeon, I think he attached the toupee wrong
The girl in yellow looks like Demi Lovato got hit with a shovel
And here I thought I was going to not going to look at porn for the rest of the evening, but now its justified
Girl on the right looks so trashy she could be on the Jerry Springer show.
Oh how nice, it's visitation day at county! 
Were you chained to the same radiator growing up or nah?
[Wallace and Gromit](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/ec/Wallace_and_gromit.jpg) IRL.
Big gap in teeth, dark roots showing on poorly maintained hair. Oh no you've never blown a dude for weed before. 
Muslim slut secretaries double team boss for raise XXX anal blowjob fisting cumsluts
Left: never blown anyone   Right: picks up the slack
I always had a feeling that the Rimmel London chick was a carpet muncher
The right got the London look.
Its like two ugly witches kidnapped one pretty girl and had to share her features between the two of em. Looks like right girl had to keep her snaggle teeth, her bewildering eyebrows, her gnawed on finger nails, and a dye job that causes physical trauma to hair dressers on sight. And left chick?...well....shiny teeth dont bring your youth back miss.
If I didn't know any better I'd think these young ladies were capable of becoming successful without giving copious head. 
Two swipes on the brows and one down the parting. 
You look like someone trying desperately to still look pretty after a mastectomy posing with a Mexican they found at a bus stop and dressed up to take stock photos.
dont you hate it when company do dress down days at work, all the snatch looks mingin. 
The gap in your head is almost as big as the one between your teeth. 
One scar face forehead and the other gapped jagged whistle teeth , you ever post a pix. again with ultra zoom capability and the eyesore will cause permanent blindness !! 
[deleted]
I think it's great that the older community on reddit joins in on the fun. We should have like a roasted 30's+ night. And a 40+ for you two. 
Ughh and Ughhhhhh
I didn't know offices allowed cows to roam the building.