You make your father feel young
Your hair is the same color as your cabinets and your shirt is the same color as your walls.   This feels like a student photography project.
that shirt can't take much more tho
In the butt...good mad lib bro!
your toupee does not change your appearance enough to hide you from the police. Youre going to have to face that pedophilia charge like a man.
I see you're Lurking around the kitchen again. You'll never shift the weight at this rate.
the sadness is as deeply rooted as that awful haircut
"I can take it", I'm sure this is a popular phrase for your boyfriend and the buffet.
You are a fat soulless ginger with a feeling of consistent and desperate loneliness to make eye contact with someone. You were this post away from subscribing to r/depressed
i dont think obesity is something u can take, but midnight snacks might just help
If Sam Tarly and the white walker fucked instead of fought you would be the result. 
Your beard looks like smeared peanut butter, what you should take is a razor to that fugly thing.
Those cheeks are screaming "we can take anything you have!!!", which is not surprising for someone of your caste 
I see a lot of myself in that picture: awful facial hair, round cheeks, fat body....the whole works.  Where do i start the roast? Well, for starters i'd ask about your eating routines but then again a fat-ass like you and me can sneak in a thousand calories worth of food in minutes.  Do you work out? Oh, of course not, you got some strength under all that fat surely, shame that strength is not very useful when you have to drag your 250lbs ass around.  You think you're very smart, you probably tested in the 1 percentile, which is a crying shame because nothing in this picture suggest you're doing anything worth of notice with your smarts.  Looking at your facial hair i can tell you grow your half-assed beard and mustache trying to hide the fact you have a baby face, but let's face it, you and me can only be loved by our mothers who not so secretly resent us for being wastes of space.  Ditch the PC gaming, hit the gym and lose weight would be an appropriate motivational ending in normal sub, but this is /r/roastme after all.  So please, ditch the showers, hit the fridge and lose your mind before becoming an even bigger fatter fucking loser like me.
There is something to be said about inbreeding mormons. 
Take what?  My lunch?  Okay diabetes.
you can take it?  enough seed has been planted in your ass your face is growing brush
Try a banting diet, other than that you look nice. I fail at this roasting shit. 
I'm guessing you took this picture while waiting for 25 Totino's pizza rolls to finish cooking. 