[deleted]
You look like an anime club cover band.
1: I'm sure life was pretty shitty for you in Bulgaria, but it's not going to be any better over here. If you ever lose your virginity, it's definitely going to be to someone else in this photo.   2: See above but replace Bulgaria with India.   3: Is thinking these guys really aren't alright and wondering whether to warn them not to come to school tomorrow.   4: I'm not sure what this is, but I'm guessing it's the cheapest transgendered Filipino hooker the other guys could find on Craigslist.   5: This is the only possible group of people in the world where you would be the coolest/most normal one, but somehow you found them. Good job.
The guy on the right is the only one of the group who has seen a vagina in real life. He constantly boasts about the hot girl he "slammed on holiday in his dad's caravan".   It's a shame it was his sister.
This looks like a world assembly for guys who still pick their nose and eat it
I like the kid in the trench coat and sandals. It screams "I have an AK-47 under this"
Not sure if you're chickens, but there definitely isn't a cock in the group.
So you 5 fucktards sat around and decide this is the best title to go with?
The unfuckables
You look like the guys from The Big Bang Theory  Except with a sprinkle of downs syndrome and no interaction with the female gender whatsoever.
It's like the Asian guy is trying to avoid being associated with you, despite standing in the middle.
This might be one of the most awkward pictures on the internet.
you have all accepted the fact that you are nerds. and you are kind of okay with that.
Left to right: Djimon Hounsou post skin whiting, 9-11, fat Ed Sheeran, Yoko Ono, slow version of Ryan Reynolds 
this is a school shooting squad if I've ever seen one
I agree, i see one ass, three pussies and one asian guy that hangs out with the rest of you to stand out better because he doesn't understand that association trumps comparison in the eyes of the ladies.  Also, Anders Breivik on the left looks ready to shoot up your school next time he gets reject by a blow up doll.
It's a fair assumption you guys watch a LOT of anime
Is it mandatory for every Indian kid to look as awkward as possible
The irony of the Asian rocking Nike brand sandals.
The fat white kid with the silly knit cap can come home with me. I promise to be gentle. 
She has the biggest dick out of the bunch!
Look guys, Macklemore will rap to you while the slumdog motley crue fixes your computer issues. 
Why is the Asian kid trying to do a Mexican pose? Guy in the middle you look like a discount Eminem look-a-like that does birthday parties.
Jebbers and Allah NAMBLA would have a field day with this crowd
Appropriate for the most pathetic looking one in the group to be making mock of the others, oblivious that he's on the bottom of this totem pole.
Are you guys the new Bloc Party line up?
guy with the necklace looks like a giant penis with a condom on his head 
It's the mutants from table 9
You guys are pretty much a bag of "belly flop" reject Jelly Belly beans.
the only thing less satisfying than your title is the contents of that picture.
They have all the ethnic groups represented, except blacks. Racist fucks
Side note: loving Hipster Trump's rolled cuffs. 
New cast for Super Bad 3 
You're a bunch of chickens
You're not chickens, but you certainly look like some other animal...
Oh god if I past by that room and saw you 5 standing in there, I would think you were planning a school shooting.
This would be perfect over at /r/TheSquadOnPoint 
This looks like some kind of pro-diversity poster, except you had to draft in two more nondescript white guys at the back because obviously no girls will go within 100 yards of you.
You guys look like a rejected McDonald's commercial.
Like nerds, except stupid.
Oh shit... second from the left, is that Lesley Chow
WHAT ARE THOOOOOSEEEEEE?!
You guys look like every group of stereotypical nerds from every movie ever, except those guys just actors.
The Breakfast Club: 2016 Presidential Debate Hot Button Edition - -   In this straight-to-bluray update for the constantly offended, Fox-News-watching bitter baby boomers, their hick children, and bath-salts-for-brains millennials, watch your favorite coming-of-rage story told by your favorite subjects for Facebook posts! Starring, from left to right:  The European Refugee Crisis;  Muslim Terrorist; Hipster Donald Trump; That Dirty Mexican who is Simultaneously Collecting Your Taxes for Food Stamps/Healthcare while Stealing Your Job; and That Chick You Fucked in High School Who Has Since Undergone Gender Reassignment Surgery.  
One Direction when they were still in High School.