[deleted]
If we could merge all the photos of known sex offenders, I'm pretty sure we'd get an image exactly like your face.
You look like jailbait for an orc 
hey its that monster from the goonies 
You sure did, you look like a fucking necrophiliac grave robber who likes to pop cold ones since the warm ones are able to run away from your fat ugly ass.  I mean, you don't just look creepy, you outright sound retarded as well with the confrontational attitude in your title.  Don't worry tho, if any living woman ever accidentally slept with you she'd commit suicide immediately after and you can act out your fetish as well you sick prick.
Do you shave your arms so your hair doesn't get stuck in your ass when you fist yourself?
You probably mowed my lawn, too. 
"Probably"? Is your dick that small that you couldn't even be sure? 
With a face like that you more than likely fucked your own tween sister, Chester.  You look like a kiddy touching hick, like 'that' one guy who joins the army because he doesn't have any other options and then gets booted out because he can't cut it and made no friends because he creeped the fuck out of everyone else. 
THE SEARCH IS OVER, Now dark off that wig and embrace the fact you're a literal dickhead
Bitch I've had you so many times I'm bored with you.  Your ass is a slop.
I'm sure you jerk off a fat depressed guy an awful lot too.
fake chad 0/10
Nice ear
Can't tell if that's a mustache or just some left over feces from when you gave your boyfriend a rim job.
There is a good chance most of my male family fucked you fatboi Multiple times.  I heard about you. Crooked teeth, prison tats. Total power bottom. Swallows like a big dawg.  Yup it was you. 
I know you finally got your plastic surgery Sloth, but there's no need to be a dick because of it.
Are those sticks of butter, or just your teeth?
You have some shit on your upper lip, pretending to be a mustache.
You look like you'd be in The Hills have Eyes
Your teeth look like a rotten picket fence. 
Even at work I can't escape Vermintide. Damn you rat scum!
Bitch the only fuck you ever had was in the back of a Chev Van with family on the way to court.
You look like a chippendales dancer who looks like both chip and dale.
Your left ear looks like a beat up vagina
You look like your head was pressed in a George Foreman grill as a baby.
My wife must've lured you in the bedroom with a Baby Ruth. Isn't that right Sloth? Did Chunk film the whole thing? You Goonies are crazy.  EDIT: It sucks when your misspelling makes you eligible for a hate crime.
This is the last face countless children see before getting pulled into a windowless van. 
You look like [the guy from The Hills Have Eyes]( http://static.comicvine.com/uploads/original/7/74798/1671443-the_hills_have_eyes_01.png).
You're right, you did fuck my girlfriend... when you told her you'd come and mow her front lawn on Saturday at 2pm and then you never showed. Come on, man! The grass is getting out of control.
When was the last time you brushed your teeth, Oscar?
You look like you've had your oil checked for fun.
You look like the monster from the goonies! 
Oh is that who you fuck? Cuz that intense pedofile mustache says other wise
You look like you still show up to high school parties in your letterman's jacket. 
Sorry I didn't vote for you in the school election, but Summer was more popular and you we're friends with Napoleon.
You look like Pedoro, the Puerto Rican pedophile 
I can visualise you old and bald. That pose makes your head weird. 
Is that a neck or a tumor
Let's be honest none of the gears are turning in this guy's head.
That would explain the depression
So, you're not someone's depressed wife?
You look like Sloth from The Goonies wearing a wig.   The only thing thinner than the sad attempt at a title trying  to make people think you've actually gotten laid is your mustache.   I can only see a small portion of where you live but i can already tell it's shitty. Put the fucking closet door back on its track. It's not rocket science. Well, to you it might as well be.   
You look like an uglier version of pedro from napoleon dynamite. Vote for pedro
with teeth like that and a spazzed ear i would say its more than likely your parents fucked you up for life. 
If Arnie was to see you his first words to you would be "You're one ugly motherfucker".
I thought the giant sloth was extincted guess i was wrong  
Yes you did , my X any way , she said to say Hi and enjoy all those incurable STD's she caught after we broke up !
Hey look Seth MacFarlane fucked sloth fratelli Edit** just saw somebody beet me to this
Not with that fucked up ear and those gecko fingers........ Photo shopped
You look like you just ate shit, I think you have some shit between your teeth.
Private Pyle ?
in this one, strong the downs are
You look like every douche i've ever met combined into one.
You are someone's fat depressing wife
You look like Shreks retarded ethnic cousin
I killed both of them, so jokes on you, you shit-lipped necropheliac. 
You look like you smoke Misty Menthol 100's.