If Monday had a face, I bet it would be yours
Your eyebrows are as fake as your father's pride in you.
You look like a powdered doughnut. 
Eat your makeup. Maybe then you'll be pretty on the inside.
You are the reason that the saying "any hole is a goal" even exists.
Your eyebrows look like they were created in MS Paint. 
I tried to find one specific thing to say here, something to pick apart... but I can't. Because nothing in the picture you posted fits together to make a natural face. You're like the Mr. Potatohead of life, all the pieces are there but they don't quite make sense.
[but with hair](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/princeoftennis/images/c/cc/Egghead_oishi.png/revision/latest?cb=20130712172324)
This is the least compelling "$1 a day to help a child in need" ad I've ever seen.
Are u a pre-op or post-op transsexual?
I'd have an easier time jacking off watching my mother get beheaded on an ISIS propaganda video. 
It's almost as if you had a unibrow, and then used Photoshop to smear it separated.
I had eggs for breakfast that would be jealous of you
You look like Angelina Jolie............... sorry,  I meant to say disabled pelican.
You look like you save the pads at the bottom of meat packages to reuse as maxi pads.
You look like the type of chick who'd poke holes in condoms
Your eyes say, "Maybe the next load on my face will fill the hole daddy left when he didn't come back from the store."
You look like that one Thai Transsexual guys agree never to speak of again. 
Is that a hairy mole on your forehead or did you cut copy and paste the middle of your unibrow?
I will do my thing, but only because I wouldn't trust you to do it for me.
grrl, you're like an asian trying to pass for asian... embrace your true self, you've got more of a market [there](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDu9gbuKpKc) because there ain't no magic weave to take [the man out of your stare](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odcCzb-h3Fo).
I'm sure I'm not the first person to say this to you but no thanks.
Spenny is cross dressing again
I'm pretty sure /r/roastme is for people, not mannequins.
"Do your thing" is something I'm happy that I will never hear from your basic ass. 
It looks like you have no private parts....
I would, but your face is a huge turn off.
Who dat? Who dat? It's U-L-G-Y. 
You're "living" proof that even the cheapest real dolls have interchangeable wigs.
It looks like the permanent marker you used to draw on your eyebrows ran out of ink.
You look like someone has photoshopped hair and facial features onto an ostrich egg.
You're the type of girl who's name everyone forgets
Nice halloween costume
You're paler than my cousin who has been hospitalized for rare advanced cancer and hasn't see the light of day for the last five years
Helluva job on that pumpkin carving.
How long did it take for the hormones to start working?
You're the type of tranny that is never mistaken for a real girl... ever.
You're going to end up a generic "Asian takes three black cocks in the ass" type of girl. 