I'm going to leave this thread for another post. 
I'm pretty sure you were her lesbian phase. 
Your girlfriend already has a pussy. She didn't need another one. 
Your girlfriend made a wise choice.
Holy shit its jimmy fucking neutron
Your girlfriend left you? What, were you caught stealing in Saudi Arabia? Did your blow up doll explode? Family dog die? The only thing less realistic than you ever having a girlfriend is the probability of that "facial hair" on your face ever substantiating into anything of significance. Give up on that dream, as well as life.
[deleted]
If you would just tell them you're not gay from the start, you'll avoid these awkward "break-ups'
[Anchovy](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/spongebob/images/6/6b/Octavius_rex2.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/200?cb=20130327190027) 
She's a good kisser. 
AKA mom is fucking dad again.
you look like a retarded verison of Conan O'brien.
[deleted]
You look like you have Irish ancestors. Time to live up to their standards and become a raging alcoholic.  Edit: fixed predictive text fuck-up.
He's banging her right now, in the mouth, and she likes it.  Jerk off to that tonight.
Eh, women. You can always go gay, die your hair white, and host democratic debates on CNN.
She didn't leave you for "another guy".  She left you for "a man".  Make sure you don't forget your toaster when you leave for college, the grumpy vacuum cleaner will get him in all kinds of trouble.
Your girlfriend may have left you, but at least she left behind her hair dye so you can continue to make poor life choices. 
&gt; My girlfriend just left me for a guy  FTFY
You look like Conan O Brian's placenta. I don't blame her. 
I'm gonna just take a shot in the dark here. This guy benches more than you. I'm just saying, if you're shoulders were any smaller, they'd be armpits. 
Dont blame her for leaving you, look at that haircut...
Can you blame her?
Sorry man, if I'd known she was with you before me I would have turned her down. I've got better standards than that
I'm pretty sure to leave someone for another guy you have to be with a guy in the first place. 
she wasn't your girlfriend, you were merely her gay friend
ET phone suicide hotline
Consider yourself lucky that a girl even looked at you
&gt; fellow losers  i'll be right back
No fucking wonder. Beiber with a badly deformed head. Joking apart: no matter how ugly the rag, it is always capable of picking up something, no matter how toxic. Good luck.
Sorry dude but that's understandable.  Getting knifed in the vagina is probably an upgrade from you.
You never had a girlfriend. 
You look like you have terrible taste in women, so I'm sure she'll be out on her ass in no time anyhow.
And for good reason 
You look like a fucked up version of Conan
Are your dads John Krazinski and Conan O'Brian?
1. She cheated on you with him  2. She made the right decision
Your girlfriend was adopted and now has a new dog collar. You hon are forever at the shelter 
You look like Conan Obrian took a shit on Matt Smith
My girlfriend left me for another GAY. Make me feel even worse, fellow losers. *Title Fixed
You forgot the space between girl and friend - or you misspelled boy