I don't know why you leave your car outside, just park it between your teeth.
The fucking car has a higher resale value.
Swears she's the edgiest girl in her village.  Hits up Hot Topic whenever her mom maker her bi-yearly trip to the mall 80 miles away.
You're like a young, uglier Louie Anderson. 
You're the real-life Meg.
You're as appealing and useful as that vehicle.
At first I thought "Practice Girl," but then I went past the second pic and I thought "That Tumblr chick that yells rape when someone holds her hand the wrong way."
Lesbian for spite, not by choice.
You know you are a tryhard basic bitch when you post a fucking gallery of selfies on roastme.   Oh and also you had to get your car in there aswell just to show that you are a feminist. 
I would very much like to roast your car, with you in the trunk.
I'd fuck your car's twisted excuse for a muffler before I got near yours.
[deleted]
That car has a big back seat - too bad you never get to use it.  Oh, and it's [Ronery](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdug6yHJB40&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=12s).
I kept scrolling down and your whole shitty life story unraveled before me. 
Did you run out of the hair salon halfway through so you didn't have to pay?
you probably had no friends as a child
In that last picture of you there your lips look like barbecue sauce
Watch out guys, shes got a head set. 
on the next episode of Cops...of The Shire... we'll being watching the take down of a hobbit prostitution ring. One ring to bind them all, indeed.
I've never seen a gap toothed teenage boy turn into a shitty sedan before.
You've ruined the lip bite for me. Thanks.
Are those pimples having a meeting on your face?
Your hair looks like it was cut with an knife and fork.  That car is filthy and looks like the interior stinks.  I's grey, round and stinks like mold.  It has about as much class as an old empty Rainier beer can.  
So which way are you transitioning?  Or are you confused about that too?
I'm afraid I would drive you over the edge.
Your shitty car has better bodywork than you do..... and less mileage
Roasting someone who barely survived brain surgery is bad karma
Everyone who comments is raping you, right?
You look like the girl who cries when your feet hurt after gym class and take antibiotics for the smallest lightest pains.  You look like you smoke cigarettes but don't inhale. You look like the type of bitch to burn my car seats with your cigarette. I'm surprised when you bit your lip it didn't get stuck between your teeth. If you ever were to French kiss someone they'd have to rush to the ER for stitches
It's like you're transitioning from a choir boy to a tumblrette.
I see you dodged the coat hanger....
You've got the Big Dipper on your face and Orion's Belt between your teeth. 
You may love youtube... but it doesn't love you back. 
I bet you have a favorite ICP song
Truthfully, in your first picture, you looked cute.  Then they got progressively worse.  Then, nothing screams "I have zero ambition, blame other's for my problems, and have no personality" like it does when you are driving your grandma's car.
Aren't you the kid that kept trying to kill buzz and woody? 
[How did that sex change go for you?](https://i.imgur.com/2nDLduZ.jpg)
How's that womens' studies degree working out for ya?
Looks like you were going for a boy look then decommited half way through
All your pics make me wanna Buick
We love your car we hate you!! Your car should drive you really fast and right before the cliff jump of and watch you fall!!
Getting that Jack-o'-lantern look down just in time for Halloween.  That's dedication.
i think you have more mileage than the car 
I miss being the age where it's still acceptable to have a shitty car. I have a good car now and all, but I still wish it were acceptable to have a shitty car.
You're like a Cushingoid Marilyn Manson.
Lipstick was used to show you were a prostitute. Apparently it's gone 180 and now means unfuckable.
If you drove a Ferrari, you would still be the reason dentists have a high suicide rate.
I can't tell if you tried to bite your lip or if it just got caught by those implants.
I don't think we're legally allowed to roast you yet. Wait a couple years kiddo.
Is that a horse at the back?
You look nice, and you're a cute girl with a neat sense of style and a bright future.  Leave this place. Just go while you still can.
the pics from July 19th did the job for us it looks like
How many corpses have been in that car?
Kind of plain and boring. Probably a lot of miles on some rough roads. My guess is not a very good ride.    And then there is the car.
I see there is an old football helmet in the garage. I bet it pains you every time you are it as it reminds you of your father. He who would get drunk every night and beat you and your mother and scream "coach should have put me in the game! I could have gotten a scholarship! Now I'm stuck with you disappointments!" He is especially mad that you are a girl, he wanted a boy to turn into a star athlete. Instead he got you. 
Here's your one chance Fancy.. Don't let me down.
I bet you start every CS:GO match by saying "DON'T UNDERESTIMATE ME BECAUSE I'M A GIRL GAMER!"
What's the difference between you and your car?  At least someone wants to take the car for a ride.
You look like you shop at Target at best.
"Feel free to go through my imgur for more selfies."  Please, I can only vomit so many times.
Your Male to Female transition is going excellently.
It's like those three zits on your chin are present so frequently you've begun telling people they're moles
This is the first part of her why I'm bullied video
I don't think I can roast you, after all, premature balding is nothing to laugh about
You look like ever since you discovered your sexuality, you've been masturbating with inanimate objects you find around the house, progressively getting bigger. And now you blow that fan across your asshole making "music" like it's a huge empty bottle to amuse yourself because your cat hates you and won't let you give it attention anymore. Too bad that Buick shifts on the steering column, otherwise you'd have ridden the console shifter by now. 
How in the hell did someone so aggressively unfuckable manage to contract herpes of the mouth? 
Are you a feminist? Not even trying to roast you, just asking.
I've never seen a face that screamed "i would give my dad a handjob for an Iphone 6s" more than yours.
I don't know which grill has taken more damage, yours or the car...      Drive that thing off of a cliff.  DOOO IIIIT!  JUST DOOO IIIIT!  STOP THINKING ABOUT IT AND JUST DOOOO IIIIIIT!!!!
Kylie Jenner really let herself go these past few months.
[removed]
Did your dad give you that car as an I'm sorry present, or was it your uncle?
Guys, I read a post about this girl once! The story is, she cuts one strand of her hair off everytime one of her family members touches her meat curtains. It's kinda sad really.
You look like you make your dad tie you up and throw you in the trunk when you go to the grocery 
When did your step-dad start touching you? 
Do you have herpies?
I'd bang you.   
Some of you did a good job, but I've roasted myself harder than any of you. Step up your game, bruh.