She looks like the type of girl who's tries to be nice and then gets pissed when you ask for 2 sauce packs like it comes out her paycheck 
I'd rather fuck the sandwich
That's weird I thought Chick-fil-a was anti transgender. 
In two years she'll be working the corner outside Chick-fil-a.
Where's your neck-? You quite literally have no neck.  Weird how your gigantic man-hands are bigger than your head. You actually look like one of those 2-person halloween gag-costumes, where one person is up front and the other is hidden behind, draped in clothes.  That would explain the Shrek-hands, and also why your neck less head seems disembodied and floating on those rags you call an outfit. C'mon, fess up: who's arms are those-? Your uncle's-? Is that who's hiding behind you &amp; poking his Hulk-hands through the sleeves-? No way those sausage links go with that ugly little micro-head. God, you're homely.
I give her a Chick-fil-F
Like a regular fry in a sea of waffle cuts.  I can hear her saying "we don't have sweet and sour, we only have Polynesian sauce."
Looks more like she works a window in Amsterdam.
You look like the douchebag Chik-Fil-A manager who thinks they're running an intense, gratifying, remarkable operation when in reality you are nobody important and could be replaced within a days posting of a CraigsList ad.
She's actually pretty cute. I'm guessing he's the better-looking brother?
I could only imagine how much of a hideous baby dicked weirdo your brother is
She looks like she'd be willing to work alone on Sunday's
Did she accidentally bite off her upper lip with her huge teeth?
Chik-fil-a might not be open on Sundays, but you're still working it, and definitely not in the name of Christ, if you get what I mean.
::selects nose::  ::selects center justify::  MUCH better. 
Does she work the pole at McDonalds too?
I'm pretty sure she'll sleep with the whole family!!!
I'm sorry. 
You're an awful brother if you let him make this mistake.
well, she has certainly perfect the sitting stance of someone that tries to pass themselves off as a size 2 (times 8)
Judging by those bags under her eyes she also works late on the  corner.
She has the figure of someone who snacks on waffle fries all day
She looks friendly 
You're nails are so shrivelled and chewed to the bone.  If chick-fil-a saw them they'd put them in a greasy box and sell them by the dozen
Window at Chick-Fil-A? You mean she works a booth at www.gloryhole.com