I think you're on the wrong site. try http://lesbianswholooklikejustinbieber.tumblr.com/
Stop trying to eliminate the fact that you have a pair of testicles by covering your jawline and Adam's apple. 
Girls don't have penises.
Tranny*
You look like a lesbian fuckboy 
Why does your hair look like a troll doll's?
Your hair is growing into a softball hat.  
If you look carefully, there's actually a person underneath that god-forsaken clump of hair
Without the hair and heels you're back to 5"3
Is [this](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41HBDT6RKWL.jpg) the picture you showed your barber?
The only way your life could be a bigger joke is if you were in the WNBA.
Let's be honest this guy has a wang
I hate your music. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Kk8eJh4i8Lo
Did you put "girl" in the title as an attempt to be funny? Like "oh I'll give myself a light roast so they'll know I'm cool and it will make me feel like we are laughing together"?  If you were actually trying to be funny,  then don't quit your day job, which as far as I can tell includes bragging about your modest height and ability to use mirrors correctly. 
I bet if I removed all the filters and 'minor touch ups' you added to this picture, [this is what the original image looked like](http://glaadblog.org/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/brucevilanch.jpg)
You look like Macklemore except Macklemore knows he's a guy and you haven't found out yet.
Nah, fuck this.  If you come for a roast don't hide your face.  That shit is stupid and should be added to the rules.  Weak.
Cunt or dickhead? You choose.
I think a dark, feminazi rally on tumblr is where you belong
Thank you for covering part of your face. From what we can see, I know we'd be scarred if we could see the whole thing.
Pretty sure if you moved your sign you'd still look like a guy
Some sunglasses and some muscles would really help you finish out the johnny bravo image you are going for.
Even your hair is scared of your face.
Close the closet door next time you leave.  The wind is blowing your hair all over the goddamn place
Hair so big..
Shouldn't you correct that typo?
You look like a lesbian figure skater
The only thing manlier about you than your penis is those professional wrestler eyebrows.
Johnny Bravo called, he wants his hairpiece back.
Where the starbucks at?
Your hair looks like a nib on a fountain pen
You look like a fucking man.
Your hair looks like you got whiplash from all the girls on Tinder that *left swiped dat*
Get outta here Bieber. Everyone knows you're not 6'4". 
Oh you stop that. You're cute. The white complexion, the square, symmetric face, the birth mark that seems to spell out something. You're perfect.   But you need to take pictures in better backgrounds. That shit is hideous.   Edit: can't tell if being down voted for unfunny joke or because people think I'm talking about the mongoloid behind the lovely roast me sign. 