You look like a lunch lady on casual Friday 
Napoleon Appetite
It looks like James Franco and Seth Rogen had a son and then fed it nothing but cheese its entire life. 
I wouldn't waste a harpoon on you.
You have so many chins that you look like you're staring at me behind a stack of pancakes
[deleted]
Instead of heroin, you look like you inject butter into your veins
You look like Jared Fogle back when he was too fat to molest kids. 
Good lord I miss fatpeoplehate.
If the word faggot wasnt invented yet, it would be invented specifically for this kid. 
The only reason why he looks so fat is because of all the extra chromosomes he's carrying. 
Your face looks like someone bought a Christmas turkey, beat it to fuck with a base ball bat, and then put a lopsided afro wig on top.
You are so fat that you were baptized at seaworld
You look like you sneeze crisco and then eat it.
Woah... Napoleon Dynamite really let himself go.
I didn't think Jared Fogel was allowed near kids.
You have bigger boobs than your mom.
The words effeminate Jew come to mind. 
I thought we weren't supposed to roast Jews any more...
Your mom got you that watch so you can time when to roll over before you get bed sores
I don't know what you were told about this sub but when you hold up a sign you don't get a free roast sorry to disappoint you 
You look like a fat Michael Bubl with autism
My dad used to magic a quarter from behind my ear when I was a kid. I bet he could find quarter-pounders behind yours.
Most whales have barnacles you have zits, lots of zits.  Your life goal is to be a big gay queen?
You dress like you are having a mid-life crisis when in reality you are having a mid-riff crisis.
Its a good thing you all that fat to distract people from your face
I would say that you look like the kind of guy that gets stuffed into a locker but it looks like the locker was stuffed into you
Jew don't know what you're getting yourself into.
He probably has the sickest Yu-Gi-Oh deck know to man
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure bought you a lot of cheeseburgers.
Put that face away, you're gonna start a school shooting.
The sole reason as to why Mac Donald's is still in business. 
You look like the guy from Back to the Barnyard. 
Subway Jared, before Subway, but after the obsession with kiddie porn.
Is that a Casio G-Shock? No insult here, I have one and love it.
youre one red hair colouring away from being Ronald Macdonald, your childhood, and presumably still, idol and hero
You look like a Jew who's been eating too many Palestinian babies for breakfast, you fat fucker.
You infortunate looking bastard. Guess the Gods must have just ticked "All of the Above" when it came to filling out your image issues eh?
Another pic of OP https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pat_(Saturday_Night_Live)#/media/File%3AItispat.jpg
I bet if you cut your feet, gravy would come out
Are you Phyllis from *The Office*'s retarded twin?
This might someday make a great "BEFORE" picture.
Are you in for a life of misery
Considering the movie "its pat?" turned out the way it did, id say you have a bright future in playing gender dysphoric lesbians on film.
You look like an onion type of guy... But the world sure won't cry when I cut you
I think this picture does well in the "pixels used/mb" ratio's
This, Ladies and Gentleman is why you always teach your kids to play sports. I present to you Sidney Crosby, if no one had ever showed him how to play hockey.....or even eat a vegetable. 
You're an insult to land whales everywhere.   The amount of fat you carry could supply the world for years to come. 
did you eat all of the other keebler elves to gain their strength?
even if I cut some of the lard off you to fuel my fire, you'd still have enough to supply me for the *winter that is coming*.
You look like a Jewish Blueberry
Pat #2
Looks like Michael Bolton from Office Space has done nothing but eat for the last 16 years. 
Fatter uglier Jonah Hill.
You roast yourself enough with your very existence. http://imgur.com/gallery/kj4doSz/new
It's Pat! 
You look like you're in a wheelchair...but when I zoom in, I can't see the chair. 
I think you are overestimating land.
You don't want to be roasted. You're just desperate for someone to give you the last little push you need to hang yourself.  ... make sure to find a really solid support. You'll need it.
Don't sit too long or you'll end up turning into a ball of cheese.
Jared Fogel before AIDES.
Fat prepubescent looking Harry Connick Jr
If pat from Saturday night live asexually reproduced and then had an abortion it would look like this.
you look like pat from Saturday night live asexually reproduced, had an abortion, and put glasses On it
How long did it take you to catch your breath after holding up that page?
This is the kind of whale Seaworld patrons pay to NOT see.
Not even the Japanese would go hunting for you. 
I legitimately cannot roast him anymore that life itself did.
It's like someone took a chick magnet and reversed the polarity.
I'd love to roast you, but I don't have an industrial sized oven. 
It's a shame you're not in the ocean with the rest of the whales. Drowning yourself.
Well, now I know why your career didn't take off after Misfits.
You look like an egg that froze in place half way through being poured into cake mix. 
Wow not even Bill Gates can afford THAT liposuction 
Why is a cream puff wearing glasses? 
Napoleon Dynamite ate the rest of the crew on the entire movie
Stay classy, bacon n egg mcmuffin
'land whale'. More like 'beached whale'.  seriously you look white enogh that you can't dance. 