This looks like a before and after pic of you coming out
You guys look like the poster boys for "If you don't push back it's not gay" 
You guys look like the the founding members of a boy band whose target audience is young girls with down syndrome.   In fifteen years or so we're gonna see you in the news for molesting someone at the care facility you work at. 
You both look like you would be casted as generic douche #1 and generic douche #2 in a movie.
The faces of "FUCK YOU MOM!! LEAVE ME ALONE!!" 
Do you make YouTube prank videos?
Does being that stoned make sucking each other's dicks out of loneliness less weird
I could rest my balls in the clefts of your lips.
The one on the left looks like a wax figure. 
You two look like the bait kids from "To Catch a Predator"
You two are the epitome of "forgettable and generic."
How does it work with both of you being bottoms? 
'Two Guys one Pube'
I can assure you all they are a mated pair
Looks like the future President and Vice President of your fraternity's rape club.
You two look like the ghosts of no one cares. 
Both of you have foreheads wide enough to land a Boeing 747 on
You look like 5SOS audition rejects, glad we don't have to hear your voices.
[deleted]
One Direction rejects.
Sure thing, I'll go grab four guys with no standards.
I love seeing twin girls on here! Pretty too
As long as we don't make eye contact it's not gay
Arian kid photoshopped the jewy kid's sign that said, dontroastmebro
Like a modern-day Beavis and Butthead right here, recast as a gay couple
You look like your yearbook photos should be in the news with the caption "school shooters dead by self inflicted gun shot wounds"
The girl in front seems like a pretty convincing beard
Priests' top picks for after-choir practice fun, 2007.
KILL THEM BEFORE THEY REPRODUCE!
Well obviously Dark shirt is the top... you just think about what that means, White shirt.
Gays thay ended up together solely because their lips match up perfectly. 
You two make a very nice couple!  Are you going to the prom together? WHich one of you two will wear the dress? Both?  I bet your daddy's are a matched pair.  
If you two are brothers, than your mothers a whore.
Cute couple.  Lots of broken hearts between the two. 