You're a bonnet and suspenders away from being an Amish reject. 
I bet all your high school friends look at this and think; what happened to you?
You're trying way, way too hard.  Noting spontaneous or natural or unique about you, so indie's out.  You look like you smell, you're dumpy, ugly, and have zero fashion sense, so you're no hipster. What you are is unappealing, uninteresting, and frankly boring. Nice try though
Nothing says indie like a vintage wool sweater, only $199.99 at urban outfitters
prove to us that you are actually human
Why do you have so much pubic hair on your neck? 
If by "friends", do you mean the people that put up with you talking over them about music, books, movies, and politics?
Whatever u say uncle creepy
So did you shave the guys before you blew them to get enough pubes for your 'beard'? Or did you clear cut your downstairs forest for that monstrosity?
You look like your parents found you at a thrift shop.
You look like you tried out for Steve Carell's spot in 40 Year old Virgin, but they turned you down because it seemed "too real" and "a bit sad"
They didn't say your indie, they said they wish you would hurry up in die
indie, hipster.. i just see a suicidebomber 
I don't recall the era when strangling prostitutes was considered hip.
You look like that creepy Uncle that parents warn their kids about before going to a family gathering.
Rabbi Cosby
Your beard looks like a copy paste of my ass crack if my ass crack had shit taste in music
Boy your eyebrow looks like it's gonna slide off your face 
Dirty brown water trash
Indie? More like Indeep with the gays. 
You look like a used condom that's been dropped on the floor of a barber shop. 
You look like Paul Bunyan's disappointing cousin. 
Your beard looks like someone tried to make cotton balls out of pubes, then glued them to your face. 
Less hipster, more suicide bomber. 
I want to single-source punch you in the face.
ISIS  are never gonna hire you with that Christmas sweater. 
1
Indie is something hipsters say so they don't sound like a fucking hipster.
You are closer to a dumpster than a hipster.
"Indie" is just a hipster in denial
[r/UsaNoFlyList](http://www.reddit.com/r/nofly)
[deleted]
Boy, you wanna be Christinith's husband from The Other Guy's so bad 
Uncle Phil called from Heaven and he wants his sweater back. 
My friends would call you a faggot
Did that sweater come with a dick in your mouth?
How many times have the police been called on you for suspected rape and possession of drugs?