"I'm unroathtable. Do your wortht."
I bet your teeth whistle like a vortex football if you smile when running. 
The "average white guy in a hoodie" on every college ad. 
Can i get the number of your dentist?  I need some new tile around my pool.
WTF is "roastme/r" you illiterate redcoat!?
Did you ever get that bacon jalapeno mac and cheese from the cafeteria? 
If your eyes were any more narrow, you'd be guaranteed acceptance into Harvard.
Down syndrome James Franco
Boy you look like Moses parted your eyebrows 
Smfh, you gotta chill with that, "you damn right I eat ass" smile. 
You must be the Jonas Brother that even the Jonas Brothers thought was gay. 
Unroastable? Boy shut'cho [humpty dumpty](http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/muppet/images/6/64/Ssnews.humpty.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110426202940) lookin ass up. You could put "TEETH" as one of your "strengths" on your resume. How many kids get their fingers trapped in that [crocodile dentist](http://ecx.images-amazon.com/images/I/41xjk1kbZlL._SX300_.jpg) mouth of yours. You belong in a wax museum with that fuckin' face. Your exhibit - "First Gay Nigga with Horse Teeth"
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.0959   &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/40280)
Only because they can't fit you in the oven when you smile with that enormous mouth. 
I like how you trim your eyebrows to look like pinball flippers 
Your dimples look like... Bad
Bet you could make string cheese by pushing a block through the gap between your front two teeth 
Your cheeks look like a retarded ET
You look like you just tasted cock for the first time.
https://youtu.be/q0po-g28uTg I didn't know you were a celebrity
You look like The Mask fell in some off-color foundation and drew eyebrows on with a sharpie. Well, at least after you wash that shit off you won't need to spend any money on a Halloween costume.
Your dimples are deeper than your personality. #shallow
Your giddy ass smile tells me you just took a huge cactus up your rectum.  The idea of not feeling included leaves you to sulk on your nappy shit colored hair because you have to tell the world what fucking cardinal direction your home city is in.  You have the eyes of a--Oh wait, you don't.  Try speaking for yourself but watch your lisp that makes you sound like a portion of your brain was forgotten in the womb.
I assume you said you're "unroastable" because you think you're attractive and your qualities surpass most people on Reddit. Well, you're right. But in the real world, you're not much. Your no girls "Oh fuck look at that guy!" Deep down you want to be that extra charming guy, and you can sure try hard. But you'll always just be adequate. 
Lay off the tweezers
What is this weak shit? Bring out the big guns I'm not even triggered yet 
North London on your hoodie. Enough said right there.
More like unfuckable. 
I bet you could fit your dick through that teethcap.
tbh my girlfriend would leave me for you, you stud.
your eyes look like somebody just copy/pasted your eyebrows
How much shit did you need to eat to have that kind of grin on your face? 
You broke /r/roastme. Everyone hates you
You make up for the narrowness of your eyes with all the space between your teeth.
whos got nicer eyebrows... you or your bf?
you look like john lenguizano and the joker had a baby
No need, I see your mother already has.
How many swipes of your razor did it take to create those eyebrows   from the original uni-brow?
You look like the offspring of Dave Franco and Terry Schiavo
You look like a young, more annoying Gilbert Gottfried 
White privilege at best.
looks like you have candy corn for teeth. in shape and color 
Went into the plastic surgeon's office like "See this face? More of everything, please."
You look like James Franco had reverse puberty.
He's right, he is unroastable, I can't seem to put my immediate hatred of him into words
Ya you're right. It's hard to roast a mundane human. Even the objects you own match how boring you are. Become more interesting.
Superman after a long weekend free-basing Kryptonite.
All that empty space in that head...sorry I mean above your head. Damn, I suck at this.
That cry for attention tho.
"I'm completely forgettable, move on"
So for your next picture are you updating your rentboy profile?
Those cheek dimples make your face look like it's completely made of rubber. 
I enjoyed that [Discover ad](https://youtu.be/Z0ZNAHZlkMY?t=22s) you were in. It's nice to see people with creepy bodies still get work.
Your grammar makes north London look a bit queer 
I like what you're going for... but bacon grease for hair gel?
Do you do your eyebrows or does your boyfriend do them for you?
You're young, but you look sooooo much older; and no, not in a flattering, attractive way.  Your teeth are all too small, spaced apart, and have a very unhealthy appearance. They all look loose. Your eyebrows are horrid; it's obvious you've sculpted them, but they make you look constipated. Where are your eyes-? Why are you squinting-? Jesus, you're homely. Your dry hair can't decide if it's a late-50s greaser duck's ass or an early 60s gay-assed leather boy style. What are you doing with that right hand, you creepshow-? Yuck. I'm leaving, I'm done with you...you exude a very strange, unlivable vibe. I'm sure you have a high-pitched, whining shrill voice, too. Ugly, ugly, ugly.
You're the first person I've ever seen who can give blowjobs sideways. 
Mom don't forget  To check the closet for monsters 
I like your white picket fence partial. When I see you smile it takes me back to reading Huck Finn for the first time. 
You look like you got your hair and eyebrows done at a little corner salon called "just for lesbians" it works though you totally rock the dikey pre op thing and the hair totally distracts from the tits taped down with the hoodie trick.
Is that smile from before or after you had to explain to your father how you got dick cancer in your mouth.
Your mom's going to be really pissed when she find all those dead hooked in your closet. 
You got that James Franco/serial killer vibe going on.
i would, but you'll just tell your mom and i don't want to disappoint her anymore than you already have.
Not sure about unroastable, unrootable definitely, but not unroastable. 
It's /r/roastme don't turn the subreddit into a fraction you inbred dumbass 
You look like James Franco cloned himself but something went wrong along the way.
I've never seen a man take a load so hard it  let his checks into second and third dimple level. 
You look to me like your weed smoking is going to be crack smoking then meth smoking and then ah fuck it, lets snort some H. Oh what its better injected, you'll spiderweb tattoo's on you're elbows, digging 7 days of compacted shit out of your ass with your bare hand. Then ask you mommy, obviously you're dad doesn't give a fuck, I think I need rehab. 3 days back you'll be a corpse in some rotten out factory in some weird fucking neighborhood of London.
You look like you style your hair with other people's semen
Your smile is like a boxers face out a car window while driving along. Did you shave your pubes and glue them to your head?  
You look like some sort of fake-as-nikki-minaj's-ass tumblr douchebag who is kind of popular with a 11 yr. old girl fanbase
Why don't your parents love you?
Dimples deeper than the Mariana Trench.
You look like you are two slices short of a full loaf of bread. But I'm sure you're good at football
I'm sure Hitler would have no problem roasting you. "Oh yay we're going to shower" that face you're making would be the last face you made 
Boy your eyes are about as narrow as your dimples 
If you keep the hair everyone sees in that terrible condition, you couldn't pay me to look at the hair that no one has ever seen.  
I bet you play minecraft! Maybe even uhc!
You're one of those guys who always looks high.
You look like you're from that Bosely SNL skit where they grafted pubes on top of your head. 
you belong in the circus clown face