If your mom would lie to you about your looks, she lied to you about not being adopted too.
Your mom only told you that because she knew you were too dumb to know any better. 
I think you moms experimenting with hard drugs
You are the Jar Jar Binks of your friends and family's lives. Loud and painfully unfunny, but it's all you have going for you, so you have to stick with it hoping that eventually you'll be funny enough to sneak your anxiety ridden, flaccid penis inside some poor girl with low self esteem. Hopefully she has a thing for love handles and back sweat.
Chicks will say anything in the middle of sex.
they made that poster in the back because of how much you were bullied in middle school
Your mom has the eyesight of Stevie Wonder
By the looks of it, I think she said the same thing to her cousin a long time ago.
She's wrong.
Your mother is a pathological liar
You're that guy who came up to me at 14 years old and whispered softly... "DID YOU KNOW GIRLS DONT HAVE WIENERS?"
Well your mommy lied. LIke a politician, you actually are a tard with big lips, a huge nose and crossed eyes. And your sack is undersized even for a 4th grader
I think your incestuous relationship is showing
Was your mom on meth when she said you were beautiful?  Or is she one of those unfortunate souls who can only see the beauty in everyone?
I first thought that your mother was blind but then i realized that she wouldn't miss the Egyptian's pyramide in the middle of your face while palping you 
Is she blind?
Jeez they are still hanging those posters in classrooms. 
Your mom is just trying to make up for the fact that she failed at having an abortion 
Your wrinkles make your face akin to a topographical map of Iceland
Is your name Ed?  Because you look special.
I believe you. You're definitely second generation bad taste.
This kids face looks like that of like a 6 year old
I can practically see you running around your living room in a 'Captain Autismo' outfit screaming for your apple juice. 
Your mom should have swallowed you
She tells that to all the guys. She's a ho fo sho