I'll bet you think people walk all over you because of your religion. Really it's because, for some reason, you think it's cool to wear a floor rug as a sweater.
Dude, Bill Cosby couldn't get laid in that sweater.
Your background says "I volunteer at my parents' practice" but your sweater says "I pretend I smoke weed to be cool"
You've had an argument online about why tentacle porn is an art form, haven't you?
350 degrees for 2 hours on middle rack. You look like you'd taste like slim jims and pizza sauce
You look like Andy Milonakis had a baby with the average tumblr user
You look like a bloated version of Seth MacFarlane who isn't funny
You look like you didn't fit in with your own kind, so you bought a novelty nose and glued it on. 
Glasses are supposed to help you see better, but they couldn't help you see that sweater you're wearing is hideous af
After seeing you I'm a little more inclined to hear Hitler out.
Please don't make another hot tub time machine movie bro, enough is enough.
Man you really ought to take a shower
You look like John Pinette's wet dream
Hitler fucked up when he missed your grandparents.
You look like the ugly version of  Rosie O'donnell
You were probably upset when you found out you couldn't eat bacon. 
I tried coming up with something really killer.  I really did.   Then I finally had to admit I've been out-witted by a sweater. 
Man, you'll wear anything ridiculous to try and get away from your inevitable identity as a single tax accountant.
With blue striped clothing like that, youre a number and a hat away from being roasted 70 years ago.
Is Dad is the kid from the Goonies and his mom is Jonah Hill
Let's play *guess the gender!*
You look like the type of dude that takes high school drama class way too seriously.
You look like a teenage version of the old guy from *'Up'*.
Ummm, where the fuck is your star, jew.
This wouldn't be the first time someone thought it was a good idea to roast a Jew...
I bet Hitler killed himself because he couldn't find a big enough oven for you.
Your ancestors were roasted enough as it is.
Eh, maybe Hitler wasn't so bad after all.
You look like the old guy from "UP" was actually able to impregnate the boy scout. And he gave birth to a proud lesbian.
Hitler already roasted the Jews though..  Edit: thought I was original, but like nein other people had already said it. 
Your people have taken enough from me, now you wish to take my time...
You look like a Jew.
So this is what Seth Rogen looked like before his period started
Thought my grandfather got rid of your family in '42
Wow never saw a wool inter Milan hoody before 
You have shit stains for eyebrows
Hey! I had that sweater back in 1995!  I didn't know it was unisex.  Seriously, what gender are you?
You're the reason Hitler wanted us burned in the first place.
Dude I don't think its right to do to you what Hitler did to your grand-parents
Hiding cleavage because he's self conscious about his man boobs or she's self conscious about her fat tits 
Your face makes me want to punch jew
That nose speaks for itself 
The G rated Seth Rogen
So, besides not going to the gym or the tanning salon, what your biggest regrets in 2015?
Didn't Hitler already do enough?
Jim Levenstein's dad, the younger years with added downs syndrome.
future Friend Zone inhabitant 
I couldn't roast a handsome young lady like yourself.
The biggest roast is that you can't eat roast...if it's made of ham, that is. Jewish problems.
Ah so you can't eat pork but you can ***be*** pork.  Good to know. 
What is he getting away with, our money? Dam bankers!
You look like J.J. Abrams, minus his miniscule amount of testosterone.
What's it like being Patton Oswalts younger sister?
Did you take that pic in the cafeteria of the rehab hospital that your mom works at because I can smell the egg sandwiches from here. 
Roast a jew? Who do you think i am? Hitler?
[Huh?](http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/197/143/CthJb.png?1320774566)
Hey look! It's Kyle's cousin Kyle. 
Not even the SS would want those glasses
The story of Rabbi Eliezer ben Hurcanus is why the Jewish people have suffered so much. Don't idolize books above your friends and families, because books don't carry the image or authority of any god to be feared, obeyed, trusted, sworn by, weighed by, or any such thing. Yeah the Christians do it too but at least they pathologically lie about their idols and literally made Jesus white or Korean so they can make him whatever they want or need and turn their aggression outward on everybody else. The sincerity of you fucking Jews is paradoxically the problem.  Also Esau was right and Ishmael was first born, and Abraham was an Ancient Alien with a stupid afro trying to start a penis trimming fad that..actually sort of caught on and is considered by many to be very practical indeed.  Now [get](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Get_%28divorce_document%29) out of here ;)
If you really want to get roasted you were born about 100 years too late...
There is a poorly-drawn image of Satan holding a medieval weapon on the cover of the notebook you took that page from. 
You should take off the drug rug, it gets hot in the oven
Rachel Maddow's gettin' chubby.
I think there have been quite enough jews roasted to last a lifetime.
Hitler has already roasted 6 million 
You are the epitome of a Jew.
I think you cut your hair that way in an effort to attract more girls as a lesbian because I can guess they were not interested with you as a dude.
I didn't  think cockmeat sandwiches were kosher
If I learned you were either male or female or both, I wouldn't be surprised
Another Jew on the plateau is the last thing we need
We can do what the Nazis should have been celebrated for doing!
You're not the first fat lesbian we've roasted.
I can't even begin to imagine how great of a roast Hitler would come up with for you of he were still alive.
That's not funny. My great grandmother survived the holocaust.   But most of the guards did, so. There you have it. 
Haven't the Germans roasted enough of you already?
The baja hoodie is neither making you look less fat or helping you fit in with cool stoners.
Dude, you are supposed to post a picture of your face on this sub, not one of your butt cheeks.
I'd rather gas you than roast you. Keep the tradition going, ya know.
Hitler roasted enough jews for all of us...
Would you mind checking out the inside of this... shed... for me?I think there's something in there that you would enjoy.
I'd trade six million for you.
He's going to find all of our IP addresses n sue us like the Jew that he is 
It's not your religion you should worry about people making fun of, it's your face that is the easier target
Germany has had hard enough time, please refrain from insulting them. Too fucking soon.
Stop signs weren't developed solely for the purpose of telling you to stop your vehicle, they were also developed to tell you to STOP eating.
Well, where's the Jew/? All I see here is an overweight Jewess.
Fat and gay J.J. Abrams.
We don't need to roast you, history already did. 
You give me butterflies in my tumm sorry, I mean; your sweater makes me feel like vomiting insects, get some swag bruh
Are you the love child of Drew Carey and Rosie O'Donnell? 
I think yous have had enough roasting for one century.
You like to take it up the ass and bake cookies
Roast another jew?  Naw, Hitler did that already. 
You are the epitome of Starbucks.
I would fucking burn u ... Fuck u jew  u in hell u burnt piece if cunt