Swedish, technically, but I'm sure your heart is still in Somalia.   Also, your clitoris.
I gave you a pity up-vote knowing you're about to be beaten to death by your 60 years old husband whom your parents traded you with for 2 goats
Why all the modesty when you leave the most offensive part of your body uncovered?
I wonder if it will be your father or your brother that performs the honour killing. 
Is this equivalent to posting to /r/gonewild for you?
Why are you wearing your grim reaper costume so early?  
[deleted]
Black and muslim? Did you choose hard mode before you were born?
The explosive vest under your burka almost makes it look like you have breasts.
at least in your case - if someone threw acid in your face, it *might* be an improvement.
What's the difference between your father and an Ikea sofa bed? The sofa bed can support your family of 16.
Wait, I thought all muslim Somalis where from Sweden. 
You're about as Swedish as Ho Chi Mihn's ball sack.
Malala Yousuck
Do you often miss your clitoris? 
How much?
Jihad me at hello
Preventing you from visiting Somalia is probably the only thing that could unite the entire  country.
shouldn't it be "stone" me?
The only thing more desperate than your grab for attention here, is the desperation of your fellow Somalians back home.
[My best shot?](http://31.media.tumblr.com/b49869621018513ae948b9ef7aa64bc1/tumblr_nmpzso7zYB1rdqbfro1_500.gif)  [Ohhh well alright..](https://media.giphy.com/media/i5J5N8ZAlStlm/giphy.gif)
Jesus I heard about the facial mutilation in Somalia, but didn't think it could ever turn out *that* bad. Stay strong OP, you're an inspiration.
I don't know if you are going to rob me, blow me up, or give me shitty furniture to try to assemble. Either way, stay in Sweden. 
Halal in the streets, haram in the sheets.
Which one of your buck toothed, baggy suit wearing, boggle eyed rapey bruncles stole that laptop for you?
You are too morbidly obese for a Somali.
well, you already look roasted
Somalian, swedish and muslim... Are you a pirate, a viking or a terrorist? Make up your mind.
Everybody in Sweden is really happy to pay for you and your family's life permanently.
Did you hear about the winner of the rinkeby beauty contest?  Me neither.
Make sure to book a good seat on your extradition flight.
You look like a good Muslim girl who has been abusing the poophole loophole since age 12.
I'd roast you but swine is not halal in Islam.
The movie Captain Phillips would have ended with a different kind of bang if you got onboard that ship.
Are you going to rob me or blow me up?
Your just crippling the welfare!
Ignore all these haters. I just wanna know when you're going to make another Blade movie.
You should really put the niqb back on...... would make my life better. Thanks. 
I would roast you but it looks like the sun already did.
A Somali, Muslim, Swedish chick?  Not sure what's more annoying:  the flies around your body, the suicide vest or putting IKEA furniture together
Too dark, can't discern anything in the image to roast....
I feel like we did this roast before 
Cant wait for SD to win :)
She will love the Sharia into you , even if it kills you , comrades !!
That bag over her head protects the Vikings from ugly
[deleted]
Do you know the weeknd?
Why the hijab? no beauty to hide with that face. A paper bag might do better though if you insist on using one
You were voted "Most Likely To Get Splashed In Face With Acid By Disgruntled Rapist Uncle-Husband" by your goat-fucking, camel-dick-sucking brethren.  You are the proud representative of a Stone Age culture, roughly two or three millennia behind civilization.
Hey, I need a ride; can you pick me up-? Oh, wait; that's right.....
You're worth less than the pig your parents traded you for with the Swedish paedophile when you were twelve
Durka Durka Muhammad Jihad
Parasite 
 .  /thread.
fucked up nose.
Ever fuck a bar of moldy sand chocolate? No? Want to? Just fuck her!
Bork Bork Boom.