Smoked weed once starter pack
You look like someone who would die from trying to cure their staph infection with crystals
How can you be College Liberal Communist woman/man if you have capitalist swine iPhone?
Just remember, no one wants to see your pics from Africa on how you went on a trip to help the people in need for a few months.      Plus every dude in this picture already figured out where the smell was coming from
[I liked you in Chicken Run.](http://blog.redletterdays.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/babs_chicken_run.png)
You probably smell like patchouli oil and farts
You're a month away from having dreads, and an eternity away from gaining your parents' approval.
Your teenage mother called and wants her outfit back
I bet that's the same face you made when you realized cum isn't vegan
You singlehandedly keep Earthbound in business.
Those "dreds" are about authentic as your "black friend"
Are you the actor for the live action Wallace and Gromit?
Oh look, a generic trustafarian. How unique...
A lot of post in this sub look like they were tricked into holding a paper with Roastme on it. 
You look like you'd smell like cat piss and cigarillos
Let me guess: you don't shave your legs or armpits?
You are in for a rude awakening once you figure out that you're not actually a talented artist. You'll wash out and drop out like so many others before you, and you'll spend the rest of your life blaming anyone but yourself for it.
You're like a young Bob Marley without the looks or the talent.
No Che Guevra shirt or beret.  Fucking casual. 
So you don't get enough attention with those ugly ass dreads that you need to come and post here?
You look like what happens when the morning-after pill kind of works.
&gt;Give me your worst  is what your mom shouted right before your dad came. 
This isn't a roast, just fucking wash your hair.
You're not even worth my worst. 
Fishing for water with a fishing net would acquire more substance then your future.
I have Zero standards, if a toothless, 100 year old prostitute asked if I wanted to see her withered breast  I'd be game.  That being said, you leave me limper than a silk cloth.
It's good to see somehow put the same amount of effort to their hair as their nails
You look like you ran away to ISIS and they sent your ass back. 
you look like the kind of girl my skeezy friend would bring home from a festival and call a "ground score"
"Listens to Migos once.."
Wash your hair once in a while, I can smell shit from here.
How many Bob Marley albums did you listen to before u decided to get that awful hair do?
Those books stacked up behind you are distracting me from looking at your face.  You should hang around them more often.
You'd sell everything you own for a bag of weed and an acoustic guitar 
The only cause you should be supporting is removing the booby traps from your snaggled tooth mouth.
You look like a troll doll.
How are your eyes and teeth looking in the same direction?
I hope you don't smell as bad as you look.
Your title says give me your worst, I'm pretty sure you shouldn't have said that when clothes shopping. 
Need no conversation to get head from this girl nor do you need to ask!! 
i notice your holding a bottle of pills. was it sleeping pills or cyanide? 
Lame joke I know, but I know one thing I'm not going to give even my worst.
Don't need to give you the worse, your parents already did
Did you mean Wurst?  Cause you look like you use inanimate objects as boyfriends. 
You definitely have a giant bush going on downstairs.
How did you fail to make proper dreads 
[Welcome to the jungle.](http://ilarge.lisimg.com/image/2766251/968full-axl-rose.jpg)
You blatantly have a permanent case of disco minge and swamp ass. 
[I loved you in Saint's Row 2](http://i.imgur.com/6gUkQbR.png)
You look like a character from portlandia 
Anyone notice the bottle of pills in her hand? 
I think ninth grade math is probably pretty difficult for you, so sit your ass down and get back to studying. 
You're going to hippie hell where Richard Nixon is the day manager, just after you die of an otherwise benign illness that you decided to treat with the power of eating slightly better and positive thinking.  And you wont sleep with me for some reason. Oh, sure, it'll all free love and Mother Earth until ole Snow wants some, then we're suddenly conscientious and smart about things, aren't we?
"I need feminism because"    
I hope you get aids on yout inevitable gap year in africa
You're a tad late for Woodstock. 
Looks like your local Hot Topic already did. Who does your hair? Munky from Korn?
You look like you'll grow up to be the neighborhood heroin addict. 
Voted "most likely to be oppressed"
Why are global warming believers always soap and shampoo deniers?
I bet your entire diet consists of flack seed and quinoa with kombucha in a Mason jar that you bought at your local farmer's market.
When did Pauly Shore join 4NonBlondes?
Seriously, what gender is this thing?
You look like the kind of girl who told everyone she took a "gap year" in high school, but really it was just rehab for god knows what drugs. You probably also drive a Volkswagen that runs on natural diesel.
Holy shit I can smell you from here. 
Tim Minchin with a drug problem
the gay "Angela" from The Office 
I bet the only thing that smells worse than your hair is your vag.
cheerleader turned hippy
I'd put a bag over your head, but I can't find one big enough.
Nothing says "entitled" more than a white girl with dreads.
You look like Captain Jack Sparrow
You're favorite artsy coffee shop doesn't carry pumpkin spice, you shouldn't be smiling like that.
I don't have to. You're already the worst. 
Dude...those dirty dreads make you look like an ugly chick-
that headband is to stop your forehead running away from the ugly on your face, right? 
Give me your wurst*
You're the only person in the picture stupid enough not to know where the picture is being taken from 
She wants to smile, she really does, but then she see's Aisha rolling a joint in the background...
I see that you picked up the "soon to be a meth addicted vagabond" starter kit. Cya on the street corner! :D
With pleasure - sorry, I thought you said "wurst."
Your smile seems fake. I bet its the smile you give yourself in the mirror after sucking a dick for a dime-bag. 
You look like the type of girl that fantasizes about getting Eiffel Tower'd by Bob Marley and Afroman, who then both take turns inseminating you and then leaving you with no child support and a broken heart.
The pix. that says , "I am having a shitty hair day" , hoping no one will notice your F-upped nails and bottle that you just purchased w/ only a few pills left in it , you pathetic bucktooth faked smile druggie loser !!
At least when the plane crashes, everyone else can use your hair for food.