A.K.A. future catering staff.
The only drama that's created from this is when their parent's take away their Xbox
Future catering staff who had their Wii taken away from them as a child.  Drama class? Aint no one wants to go to your shows.  Dear Mr.Orgasam, please stop showing us your globe-thumb. Thanks, everyone.
One day they four guys will begrudgingly run a train on the girl after she begs them, desperately wanting to be cool with the guys.  For two of the guys, this will be their first and last experience with a woman. They will all form a pact to never speak of that night again.
All of you are too ugly to make it in show business in any capacity. If someone tells you to follow your dreams don't listen to them. Unless your dreams tell you to stop trying to act and think of a sensible career such as bagging groceries or making balloon animals. 
Alright, calm it down guys, PewDiePie said his channel would be back up in half an hour.
4 little boys dreaming of becoming big stars  But the only star they will play is on the teachers producers couch
Oh arn't they just the cutest!  Oliver Twist with a Twist...three blond gay kids waiting for their chance to see the world on all fours.
I don't want to get arrested for child abuse.
Yeah I'll take a Grande Cafe Mocha with skim milk please.
thespians? you guys look more like lesbians... the most manly looking person in this photo is the girl.
The only drama they will create is their own---as the little gay club staring 4 friutie twerps 
Welcome to the Stillwater junior high drama club, come and learn to perform and also don't forget to fuck the soft 4/10 chic, she holds cameras, AND dicks
Everyone in this picture dreams of dating the quarterback
Typical Bigfoot. Always trying to get out of the shot. You, purple shirt, on the other hand, are surprisingly camera friendly for a Neanderthal. 
I would but just joining the drama club is roast enough. 
To be, or not to be...'tis a question no longer. Be not, and be gone.
Try all you want, no one's going to start drama over you :/
The Drama club along with all there caring and supporting fans !! (not) 