"my eyes are down here"
If you headbutt someone does it count as a body slam?? 
The natural look only works if you're pretty
For your birthday I'll bake you two cakes! One for you and one for your forehead.
What flavor jelly bean is your head?
You know that responses on here don't count as friends, right?
At least try not to go to the bathroom and throw up your cake. You can go one day without doing that right?
http://www.aquaportail.com/pictures1308/flowerhorn-red-dragon.jpg
Finally old enough to fuck, but nobody wants to.
Your face might look better without skin
I bet your birthday has consisted of nothing more than a text from your grandmother and the crushing disappointment that you're not important enough to any of your friends for them to remember to shoot you a message after seeing the notification on their Facebook this morning. 
Runs a support group for women with blue waffles
Ah, the anniversary of the last thing to ever be in your mom's vagina leaving! And for good reason, too.
Lay off the meth
You look like Uma Thurman, if she shaved off half her head and replaced her skin with that of Edward James Olmos. 
No wonder it's raining so hard.
no amount of hair transplant surgery can replace that receding hairline
You got a birthday cake to feed 20 and it was still smaller than your forehead. 
Happy Birthday, are you offering any discounts on billboard space to celebrate the occasion?
The phone was made after her forehead 
Your an exception to Bob Ross's "happy accident" policy
Looks like your forehead is slightly pushing the rest of your face towards your chin years after years. Congratulation, you might end up looking like Facebook's default profile picture in 10 years.   PS: It will help with the boys
/r/Fiveheads 
Hahaha this subreddit is savage
What, are you a member of the 'thermos of the month' club? what's with all the thermoses?
You look like you can't go a day without alcohol.
Besides me and your mom, who else could possibly be depressed on this glorious day?
If we start a Kickstarter campaign, can we convince your Mom and Dad to take you back and return you?
You could be turning 10 oooor maybe 14. Kinda hard to tell tbh.