This is the basic white bitch version of dumb and dumber. 
No matter how far you cross your eyes, stick out your tongue, and push up your nose, you will never distract us from those giant fucking teeth. Jesus Christ, you look like you're properly equipped to construct a beaver dam. It looks like you've even been practicing on the cabinet behind you. Your friend holding the sign is either just extremely desperate for friendship, or she knows that she'll have to sleep around, A LOT to gain any sort of popularity. Having a friend like you, would be very useful on that fateful night where she makes a bad decision, and gets into a drunken car accident. Having the jaws of life in the passenger seat, is your only redeeming factor.
This is why I don't believe that God created mankind
FIX THOSE FUCKING BLINDS YOU MONSTER!!!!!!!
the girl on the left looks like she enjoys sucking dicks... not because of anything sexual but because it kind of reminds you of a hotdog
Future career waitresses right here. 
Looking at the left's spider hair and right's pig face (which let no one tell you differently, IS an improvement), I find myself strangely reminded of *Charlotte's Web*.      
I think your Halloween costumes look great
Lavern and Shirley with down syndrome.
Why are both of you making ugly faces?
Couple of door-knobs. Everyone (gender non specific) gets a turn.
I do my best staying out of Trailer Parks.
This is why we should "thin the herd"
This is why you never stick your dick in crazy kids.
The blonde is only doing that face because she had the dick drawn on her forehead at the sleepover 
It's always been enjoyable to roast those insecure type girls who become famous for fucking anything that makes them feel wanted or even relatively liked. But with two of them it just doesn't seem right to point out things about how their knees have seen more floor than my apartment when its so obviously clear that between the two of them it'd be more reasonable to say school than any house. So lay off the wannabee popular sluts because at this point in time, fucking them senseless won't even give you a good time, but fear not it will give you everything else; syphilis, aids, gonorrhea, you name it 
These are the type of girls that even human traffickers pass up.
plot twist: her finger is not touching her nose and thats what she actually looks like
self esteem too low to give an honest face shot
You 2 look like Ren and Stimpy overdosed on crack and had a orgy and made you girls
weeknd hair
Bitch on the left looks like she been raped, bitch on the right looks like she escaped an insane asylum.
Even when you both offer yourselves guys turn you down. 
I don't understand why you're making that messed up face. Or how you got a blonde Labrador into your dorm room.
Another one bites the dust is a song about guys going down on you
meh.
spit roast