Thats face of kid who went to college with aspirations and left with herpes. 
At first, I thought this was a photo of young Stephen Hawking, but realized my mistake after noticing your sweatshirt.
If I stuck a wig made out of a rats hairy ballsack onto a coiled up dog turd it would look more appealing than your cuntish face.
Your acne medication literally can't even right now. 
"It's THE Ohio State University."
"Why am I always in the friendzone?"   -You, with every non-obese woman you've met.   You have the body of a prepubescent girl and the head of a Family Guy character. 
Let me guess. Business major, have failed remedial algebra twice.
The expression on this guys face is the personification of every kid on xbox live that has claimed to have slept with my mom.
This guy looks like he puts shampoo bottles in his ass. Not the round ones, but the extra large oval ones.
Your mom probably sucked a few dicks to get you into college.
/r/punchablefaces material if I ever saw one
This picture of you roasts you better then any of us could. 
Lemme guess...pop's a lawyer?
Remember to tell your parents that it was your professor's fault when you get scrubbed out of there
I'm glad to see the old saying of all Ohio State fans are mentally handicapped still rings true. 
MANY CLASSES HAVE BEEN TAKEN, ALL HAVE BEEN FAILED
Your parents have a bet going on when you're coming out.
With ear lobes that big, you'd live like a king in africa
You're that guy that thinks they're in with everyone at school and plays the 'funniest' pranks, but in reality everyone thinks you're an annoying little shit 
Is this Fred? 
Clemson is 2-0 for roasting that ass
You look like Popeyes long lost son.
I see the post below about business Major, I was thinking liberal arts or something complete bullshit. But the real point is this loser is sitting in front of his computer begging to be made fun of instead of pounding mad college ass.
It looks like they were trying to make Justin Bieber wax figures and someone goes "holy shit we fucked this one up"
You smug Down's syndrome having dopey looking cunt.  You just bought that new jumper today for this photo because your old one had too many drool stains. When listing your top 10 hobbies you put masturbation down in the top eight spots follows by drinking beer you steal from your dad, and spying on your sister through the keyhole. Pleb.
Crimson Chin teenage years
You look like your about to play some travel hockey where your dad is the coach
Probably because whenever they open their mouths they projectile vomit while in your vicinity  
Your hands are really small
Marty McFly went to the 60s, smoked approximately six pounds of weed and gatewayed his ass into meth rehab and an addiction statistic.  He then fucked either Tilda Swinton or Amanda Bynes, and you popped out.  I mean, you look like it.
Most of your sport coaches have suceeded, along with Cub Scout leaders, Boy Scout leaders and priests.....and your family, and the mail man,
Wow. This guy's photoshop skials is pretty good, but the ego face makes it look fake as fuck.  (P.S. This is my first roast. Roast this comment all u want.)  
behind that fake smile is emptiness, youll be bald in 4 years, and the smirk and cockiness will fade into meaninglessness as you grind away your dreams at a shit job
Dude can't show his teeth when he smiles, if he does all of the jizz will pour out.
Admit it. You cropped out the "totally straight" brojob your roommates giving you before posting this pic.
You can win this battle against acne. Stay strong. 
You look like an MRA.
The guy who thinks he's gangster, just because he refuses to do work and is the last one picked to smoke a joint.
That's probably because its' illegal to roast kids with Down syndrome
Ohio State fan I see......   That's all I need to say. 
The last time someone was this masochistic they had a dick in their butt.
Wears bucket hat once. Thinks hes Schoolboy Q
You look like you were just too dumb to notice they did. 
I was going to call you retarded but you seem to have taken care of that yourself with the Ohio state shirt. Good for you little buddy maybe once day you'll be able to feed yourself.
[deleted]
I ALSO FEEL I HAVE TO TYPE IN CAPITALS TO GET NOTICED, BECAUSE MY PARENTS GIVE ME NO LOVE.