The only thing he hasn't eaten are those fingernails. 
Chin is more than just a last name when it comes to you.
Jackie Chin
I know running North Korea is tough and all, but surely you can find time to cut your nails and brush your hair 
You must get straight A's, otherwise you would have been shot and used as a sandbag by now.
You look like the kid from up, if by 'up' they meant 'downs'
Holy fucking shit. So they don't have fingernail clippers in China? I thought you guys were supposed to be clean, organized, and petite.
Judging by the fingernails you aren't just the average ugly asian girl. You're like, menu item number 14 with extra meats &amp; rice on the way out the following morning ugly. 
Son, you need some green tea and veggies for the next 5 years.
even if all the fat was roasted off you will still be ugly
That would take all of Reddit. Jesus, even your buttons are trying to get away from this roast.
You look like a jolly Kim Jong il
Your camera has to adjust to your face and your chin! 
North Korea know the bastard child of Kim on reddit?
Dude you could be pullin bitches!! Just shave your head and people will start rubbing your belly.
Reincarnation is real, just look at that buddha-face.
You look like the kid from Up ate the old guy from Up. 
Young Asian Santa Claws
You are the reason there are starving kids in China. 
I know you can't see them, but you should shave some of you chins.
Gain anymore weight and your eyes will be fused together forever
I bet you got very good grades for your parents to feed you that much
I wrote a poem for you, I think you'll like it:Boo Lai hai pan Ming dung chi, Get me another bucket of Original Recipe.
I'll take a large portion of chow mien with chicken broccoli, keep the fortune cookie. 
You look like you talk like majin buu
I didnt know Buddha had a son. 
Kim jong un's rent boy
You are making the same face your ancestors made when they saw the mushroom cloud. 
You look like Kim Jong-Un stupid little cousin
Impossiburu
So how's that guy who had the floating house and the talking dog?  How has he been?
Your entire life is in 16x9.
Be careful. I've heard it said by Zen teachers that if you meet the Buddha in a lobby you should kill him.
Kim Jong Un's spazzy cousin.
You look like you are one hamburger away from exploding
Lol okay ~~Kim Jong-un~~ Guitamo
You're face has more grease and fat than the 800 eggrolls you ate prior to this post.
Instead of going down into your stomach, all that greasy chow-mein you ate went into your cheeks. 
You seem friendly
You should marry a girl who looks like the tragedy mask.
More chins than your local phonebook
It'll take too long 
You don't want to see my in Dota2 bro
Mate you look like a fucken asian pedo, whos very happy when he sucks dick daily 
Guys look I found Kim Jung Un!