This kid also said he lived on Mars for six months and he's not gay. 
"Gets girls to commit suicide from conversing with him and is good at guitar hero".  There, fixed it for you. 
What he means by getting girls is locking them in his basement. 
[deleted]
Looks like someone went finger painting on your forehead after eating a bag of potato chips
The term "gets girls" is proof enough that he does not get girls.
he looks like the down syndrome version of the guy who plays The Flash. 
I bet he doesn't let people tune their guitars. Fucking Clifford.
You have the facial features of a store mannequin.
Sorry, but playing a shitty dissonant cover of Wonderwall won't get you any girls.
He probably takes close up pictures of his lips and shows him to his friends saying that girls have been sending them shots of their vaginas.
But in all reality his claims are about as reliable as the hairline on his toupee.
Weird... I can almost see myself in the reflection on his forehead.
You look like your mother is a cop and your father 'went to get smokes' fifteen years ago.
Playing wonderwall doesn't mean you're "good at guitar"
Got enough grease on his forehead to fuel a whole fast food chain for years.
Your face is a.....stupid face
I hear you can probably find better rent-boys in the coffee shop on 3rd and Paradise Lane.
Pretty sure he just meant he fingered 'A minor' on both counts
Doot doot. 
Keeping with the halloween theme I see.
He's the kid the jerks off on chatroulette
His sense of reality already seems to be destroyed
Translation: Plays wonderwall. Gets 14 year old girls.
I'm pretty sure when he says "picks up girls" he means literally. I mean, that's the only way he's ever gonna get any 
Well when you look like Daniel Tosh's inbred cousin you gotta say outlandish funny shit.
That forehead is so greasy it looks like you just got dumped out of a pod after exiting the matrix and tossed on a wig.
Great. That one dude who ends up playing Wonderfall over and over...
Gets refrigerated girls from the mortuary at his night job.
The lightening by your head shows how fast people have to run once you start playing guitar.