If I had the hairline of a 42 year-old divorced accountant, I'd probably get white girl wasted on weekends, too.
With good weather conditions and a little luck, I could probably land a Boeing 747 on your forehead
Nobody actually thinks that you're "cute" or "funny" when you're drunk. You're actually really fucking annoying but guys think they have a better chance of getting with you than your hotter friends so they pretend to laugh on the off chance they might get laid.
All it takes is a 4 pack of Mike's Hard to face fuck this "intellectual"
Her ego won't be the only thing getting obliterated this weekend I'm sure. 
I bet she is the HEAD of her class.
I think I watched Avatar on her forehead a few years ago.
Honestly darling, there's a reason why bangs were created and you probably don't know it, do you? Maybe if you could hide that shiny helipad of yours, the geeks would have accepted you.
My valedictorian is a waitress with 2 baby daddies. I can see you having a similar fate.
The type of girl that gets her forehead into every discussion.
No one ever figured out your sex. your parents just let your hair grow and you got used to being a girl. 
All the wine in the world won't change that you intellectually peaked in high school
Balding already? Looking like megamind and shit.
I bet you take more shots to the face than most professional boxers.
The scrunchie says completely unfuckable while her face says completely unfuckable. 
Valedictorian at homeschool?
She's probably valedictorian due to the fact that her father is Megamind. 
Valedictorian at the community college really isn't that big a deal. 
You look like you have the personality of a house plant. No wonder you have to get "White Girl Wasted" on weekends. It's the only way you're tolerable.
I'd have to drug my drink to fuck you.
wow, another homeschool warrior proclaiming her academic achievements, yay! vegas has the over/under number of babies she has before dropping out of community college at four.
Do you drink to forget the fact that you are the only person in the world who has cellulite on her chin?
She's going to write her speech on her forehead
Who the fuck still uses a scrunchie?
Looks like you could fit a lot of nuts in those squirrel cheeks of yours. 
You can tell she's smart cuz she has that graph paper.
will be frumpy and writing for jezebel at 35:  *10 reasons why him not calling you back means you should cry rape for career advancement!*  Now with pop out mattress
A valedictorian whose dream is to attain the rank of slumpbuster.
Isn't ''White Girl Wasted'' the title of a porno movie?
Guys, guys, I did some investigating.  The results are in.  That shadow in the background matches the description of that forehead.
That was jizz not hair gel
You ever see the show Roseanne?  You look a lot like the daughter on that show.  Except the daughter gets married young, fails college, moves into a trailer park with her deadbeat husband.  So, you also act a lot like the daughter on that show.
Voted most likely to be a single mother by Senior year.
Her face says white girl, but her hairline says Steven Seagal
You remind me of Sam from Trick 'r Treat.
You have the hair consistency of a burn victim.
Looks like a 'before' pic for a hair club for men infomercial 
"parents pay for college"  "parents pay for car"  "parents pay for house"  "marries good Christian boy from church"  "has two kids"  "buys soccer mom van"  "on news for 'cruel punishment to animals"  "plaques her ten degrees in her office"  "dies alone because husband beats her to death drinking"  "on news for 'cruel punishment to women"  "dies alone again"
If she shows her teeth you will see the pubic hair from all of her teachers. Get those A's!
Well I think it's about time you graduated from white girl wasted to coke whore anal stretching 
&gt;~~She's valedictorian~~  She's gonna end up working at a valet in three years
White girl wasted? Is that when you're getting fucked up on fermented pumpkin spice lattes which you dug out of the trash outside a Starbucks?
Valedictorian who gets white girl wasted? That just means your school is shit