It will take her 2.8 seconds on a college campus to cheat on you.    Lucky for you, she's too stupid to get into college.
I bet you guys have the best pet names for each other, like 'pizza face' and 'oil spill'
Damn honey boo boo grew up fast. 
Look, it's "failed cheerleader" and "desperate to bang a failed cheerleader."
Guess you gave her your heart and she gave you syphilis    
Why would I roast a walking plastic forehead and doormat? Seems a bit redundant.
Her forehead is bigger than his inflated ego. And somehow both of you managed to settle.
Your not lovebirds just because she looks like a duck
Awwww, its Barbie and Ken! She's got no brains, and he's got no balls... Perfect couple.
Bimbo Barbie's face is so flat that she could probably take a bite out of a wall if her fivehead didn't get in the way.   I applaud her attempt at covering that mess of a face up, but there isn't enough "fake tan" colored spackle in the world to fix that bulldog face of hers.
It is rare you see domestic disturbance in its adolescent form. 
Looks like she's made of rubber and plastic
You know the subreddit is in decline when people even post pictures of humans anymore.
Ms. The Hills Have Eyes and her greasy sunken fivehead is too easy of a target, I mean anyone can call her out on the obvious fetal alcohol syndrome. Maybe she doesn't wash her face because it's too expensive to run through a bottle of proactive every day?  Crater faced future neckbeard with the wispy "fuck me" sideburns and the substitute teacher comb over isn't making it easy for us, but I bet once you peel back that soft pudgy exterior, you'll find a insecure little twat who enjoys showering after practice with his team and the coach just a little too much
If that girl really loved you shed give you some of her forehead. You both would still be ugly be at least you'd be proportional.
There's enough real estate on her forehead to put another face.
How did Pimples sneak a blow-up doll into school?
You could operate a space station in the space between her eyebrows
Her forehead is literally half of her head LOOOLL
they're kids will have normal foreheads at least. 
"Hot" cheerleader who's not so hot without the makeup and friend zone dude who has no chance of fucking her but dedicates his life to trying.  Meanwhile she's been on more black cocks than genital warts. 
You look both like barbie and ken dolls that were left behind in chernoble
[Willy Wonka Lost One](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PZhs7w-FzeI)
Aww, i bet he can see his reflection on her forehead when he looks at her.
Can't really tell which one is the bitch in the relationship the duck or (Generic highschool pretty boy)
She needs to share her tanning booth appointments with him as I hear it can help with tits, bc she's obviously spending *way* too much time in there anyway.
You could plot a farm with the acres of forehead you two have combined 
You look like the type of two people that drive nerds to shoot up the school. 
I feel like if we did a face swap, nothing would change
Teen Mom episode waiting to happen.
I don't see anything. I only see my own reflection from that shiny giant ass forehead.
She looks like she'll be living in Florida in 10 years taking *everything* in.
Yes,  the rumors about her sucking off the basketball team are entirely true.  
Did the Malaysian Airlines missing flight land on your forehead?
Yeah, high-school relationships are pretty special. I'm sure they'll be together forever! Even past junior prom!
le forehead le le le le le
At first I couldn't tell which was fake, her forehead or his hair, then I realized. Her forehead is plastic and his hair is wax.
Ooo much shiny. Very good acne =^^=
The only thing he will be seeing tonight is her other boyfriends.
The Chicks face is so ugly, even her hairline is running away from it.
Just remember, if her forehead ever catches on fire don't ever pour water on it. That just makes the grease fire worse.
Does your school have a pegging team?
He is the next level of friend zone
What's your name? Caitlin? Bridget? Becky? Nah, Becky sounds fun
The head cheerleader has a thing for the catcher on the school's varsity dart team. 
I think she stole his forehead to double her own
Edit: *Roast us
Whys this guy posting a picture of a balding chick and pretending that they're in a relationship? 
Tammi and Wayne. Pregnant six months from now. She drops out. He gets his GED and goes to work at the mill or the body shop. Eventually they move out of her mom's into a used single wide but he starts drinking because he never signed up for this shit and she don't do nothin but set around all day and spend his money and show herself pissin on thangs on the webcam and if she wants a fresh one she can just keep running that mouth. So he's outta there and off to Alaska to work the fishin boats and he don't never come back because he weren't never goin to anyhow but he also got hisself kilt in a bar parking lot fight over some TVs he stolt. So Tammi starts fucking black guys to keep herself in tanning and bleach and does some amateur barnyard porn to pay for meth because all roads lead to Rome. The state takes the child and she disappears. Nobody notices.
OH MY LORD this is the girl and guy my parents always told me about! The girl becomes fat and a bartender at the local "Meat Wagon" and the guy drops out of college to pursue his dream of "not wanting to be what my father wants me to be"
I'm pretty sure she decided it was a good idea to do a couple's roast. Because she looks like a dumb broad with stupid ideas and you look like a fucking doormat. 
The only thing bigger than her forehead is his ass hole 
You look like every stereotype the South has, except he's going to beat you harder when he calls out your dad's name during sex on his 'The South Will Rise Again' sheets.
There Motto is keep it in the family!!  Her head is so big and heavy  she can only give head laying on her back...
Chip, your dad wants his hair back
I didn't know Shia LeBeouf's ugly little sister were into the coneheads
I bet her snatch looks your chin.
You're Catholic.
Girl your head looks like you should be receiving money from St. Jude, not donating.
you look like you're related
So where's Jarrod from subway? Has he given either of you footlongs yet? 