Did you go as stephen hawking? Coz you got the ALS down naturally
Nah I'm not gonna roast someone with cerebral palsy. 
Sick giraffe costume.
Where do you attach the quiver on your electric wheelchair?
ET PHONE HOME
As if you needed a break from colouring in pictures.
Someone wake up that girl behind him, I think she outta know whats lurking in front of her.
My party city doesn't carry the "virgin" costume.  
Austism isnt a valid costume
if you went as harry potter youve got it down...except theres nothing magical about your long neck and the hot girl isnt going to talk to you.
I heard this dude can rep out 20lbs like 6 times on bench
That girl behind you is tired of your shit. 
Ol' pick me a fruit from the top branch long neck havin' ass 
How's the beta rebellion going?
So you went as retarded Cedric Diggory? Personally I would have gone as a dentist with bloody lion in a backpack.
That face is so fucking ugly even your body is trying to get away from it. 
That's one helluva scary halloween mask you're wearing. Don't give treats to kids, you'll scar them for life! 
Even if it wasn't Halloween I'm betting he'd still be wearing a cloak.
i feel like there is something missing here... like a wheelchair or something
America's next mass shooter.
ET is that you?
What spells are you learning today harry potter?
You look like a toad/giraffe/human hybrid with a heroin problem.
It's halloween everyday at your school
I think it's in poor taste to show up dressed like a school shooter.
The girl next to you doesn't like you either
nice cosplay of Stephen Hawking only without the smarts
You like like Brian Peppers had a lovechild with Stephen Hawking. 
Nice Stephen Hawking costume.lol It's that a real palsy too?
Going as a giraffe this year?   ...here's a hint: lose the hoodie. 
Did schools always let people wear scary masks to Halloween day?
Halloween day?  You mean "Halloween"?
90% turtle, 10% giraffe, 100% anorexic.
Only day your everyday dwarf clothes can pass as a costume. 
I'd guess giraffe but I assume that's your normal look.
I see cum guzzling Nancy boy was a popular costume this year...
So are you naturally that shiny or do you just bathe in canola oil?
TIMMMAY!
That girl is pretending to be asleep so you don't try to talk to her
And you went with a homemade mask it seems?
You're going to need a high paying job- bc you'll be paying for sex the rest of your life
well, at least you won't be needing much of a costume, with a mug like that, people will be too afraid to leave their homes. 
BOIIII. 4 eyes head ass nigga ! Lookin like u mentally challenged damn that's Green I'm sorry with yo yellow ass teeth ever heard of toothpaste damn  Yo teeth yellower than my toilet after a fat piss ... Yo hair look like U just got a swirlie in a McDonald's fryer fuck ass nigga fuck y would u post this uglah on her #nochill
Your teeth are so yellow, when you drink water, it turns into lemonade. 
Someone give this kid a sandwich...with cyanide.