The sexy librarian look loses it's appeal when you've read more pregnancy tests than books
All that khaki makes you look like an uncircumcised penis with glasses
You are going to make some man moderately content someday, but never enough to not get cheated on.
Everything about you is average and unremarkable. You are the human equivalent of a rice cake
I read that as unfuckable and I was like, yeah that's accurate.
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.      If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).      Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
You have all of the sex appeal of an ISIS video.  
Your vagina probably looks like someone took a shit on a hairbrush
Are you and Sheldon getting back together? 
You're cute in a Jenna Fischer meets Scarlett Johansson meets several extra chromosomes kind of way. 
Not sure what's darker, your future or your mustache.
I would rather fuck Donald Trump than you
I bet you masturbate in that storage room so often you have to wear adult diapers.
You have a hair in your mouth.
You look like your mom got gangbanged by a bunch of dogs and kept you when it should have been ABORT ABORT.
It looks like her night job makes her smell of cotton candy and tears...
You look like a less interesting Pam Beesly.  
"Are you looking for a secretary you can trust your man around? Look no further, /u/Gold_87 is the girl for you!   Not only is she physically unattractive she also comes in many shades of 'stare-right-through-me beige!'  Your man will never work late with this heinous pen pusher lurking behind front desk!   And she'll last you a lifetime as she will never marry and will always repulse people with her droning tone and snorting laugh!   Buy yours now and we'll even throw in a litter of kittens and a bottle of gin for her to grow old with."    (Warning: do not take to weddings /u/Gold_87 may kill people to catch the bouquet.)
You look like the type of teacher a student would have sex with to boost their grade, but then they wouldn't be proud of it. 
You've got confidence, I'll give you that.  The only thing standing in the way of a vibrant and active sex life is everything else.
You're clearly white, but you've got just enough brown in you that I bet you tell people you're mexican and go full-Dolezal on halloween. 
Is this like the 'Casting Couch' for Big Bang Theory cosplay?
Those thighs could crush a man's head like a watermelon. A pity that you find them so difficult to close
You look like you're currently transforming into Teen Wolf.
You have a hair in your mouth. What's that about?
You look like the kind of girl who would run to the bathroom to spit it out while the guy is still cumming.
Your hair tells me you just fucked your way to another promotion! Congratulations!
So this is where caitlyn/bruce jenner got her/his idea from, look charlie chaplin is still with us everyone.
I bet no one ever gets your name right on your PSL cup....
You're the only woman working in an office full of sexually frustrated nerds guys yet even they refuse to bed you
you're so plain even the pig nose won't help you land a man with a snout fetish  (i really felt marginally bad about this one)
You're the type of person who acts like they are thinking about something to look intellectual, only to leave everyone else wondering if you've just got a lazy eye or two.
Ah yes, the classic one-drink-away-from-becoming-a-full-time-lesbian look. 
I like your mustache.
Fairly sure if you were to unbutton the bottom of your shirt, your camel toe would run straight to your sternum.
Is your vagina trying to eat your pants?
You only seem to paint the ends of your nails if to say, "I had better break up all this tan with something but I still want to keep my bland appearance"
Seriously though... What the fuck is going on on the security camera? I'm pretty sure that's some dudes ass
im sure a lot of guys saved your name as "hole" in their phone
Nail polish. Either wear some or don't ffs. You look like the type of girl who doesn't give head bc you think it's degrading to women
You're one more hoho away from a new wardrobe. 
You look like one of those really naive, ambitious girls that gets to college and realizes she's utterly average, drops out, marries a man forever destined for middle management, and becomes a depressed housewife who drives her kids around in an SUV and hasn't had sex in two years.
How hard is it knowing that no matter how hard you try to be the quirky, "nerdy" girl no one ever gives you a second thought? 
Does everyone paint their nails that badly in your swamp?
In what moon man language is that an "a"? I have to imagine you hold a pen like you hold a Dick. 
You look like you got dressed in a lost and found box 
You look like you've sucked a dick for extra shifts.
ah I see, you like your finger nails to be the same colour as your men.
bobble head lookin ass girl
Your a fucking woman
ur ugly