What I got? No holes in my face and a successful career
Woah, slow down tough guy, we can tell that you eat your cereal without milk.
I bet its a real surprise everytime you get raped because you never know which hole they're gonna go for next.
&gt;Show me what you got.  A job.
Where my tax dollars are going to go for the next twenty years- methadone and subsidized housing for you. 
The only scarier thing than your sense of judgement in life's decisions is the fact that it appears you're in a the room of a child. Just because you want to stretch out every hole in your body, doesn't give you the right to stretch out the holes of innocent children.
It was thoughtful to install ear handles for the dude who's face fucking you.
We get it, you never want to be successful.
Looks like there's enough paper left in the notebook for a lengthy suicide note.  What's one more hole in your head?
Your chin and ears remind me of  [squidward's](http://i.imgur.com/5TbyNax.png) house  
"Maybe if I look like a Guillermo Del Toro character my father will finally return from that cigarette run he made twelve years ago."
How can I make you feel any worse than the "Have you ever been convicted of a felony" question does on a job application?
You seem like the kind of guy who shits where he eats.
So 5x7 is the kitchen size of people that fucked their lives up for "individuality". 
Next time on "My parents never understood me" we discuss Valhallan Vick and his ever-growing collection of shitty piercings.
Your house is fucking small and all your roommates are fucking losers.
Here just figured would give you guys some more to work with  http://video.foxnews.com/v/4516499751001/watters-world-tattooed-edition/?#sp=show-clips
You remind me of my friend scott. He has gauges, is an atheist, he has some cool tattoos and the works...he even walks around barefoot! Yeah, he is one of those people. But the difference between you and him? People enjoy his comany.
Self esteem? 
401k
I bet you say that to all the little boys and girls
You look like a meth addict.   With or without the tattoos and plugs. 
Masochism is not a viable long term solution to your life problems. At least not the way you are going about it.
Rofl
Off your meds , getting artistic with the stolen sharpie from the Doctors  and hacking into the facilities computer will just make your stay at the local psychological facility a little longer !!
That's a lot of ventilation for one face. 
Glad there is no brain in your head, that way you can get fucked through each ear. 
Wow... your mom should've swallowed your ass.. But dont worry, Obama has your back.. 
That many holes they probably loved you in prison
Who needs a basketball hoop when people can just use your ear?
Geez I thought all they Mayans were dead..2012 was bullshit
And I thought unroastable didn't exist 
Are circuses still a thing?
Show you what I've got? Oh, that's called a job. I know you wouldn't know what that is.  You're so hideous, you couldn't even work at McDonald's.  Wanna know the difference between you and a large pizza? A large pizza can feed a family of 4. (Tell this to your girlfriend who's life you ruined, and watch as she doesn't laugh, but just breaks down crying because it's true) Your girlfriend thought you were cool, so she had your baby, and now the only escape is to kill you, or kill herself. Wanna know the difference between a bucket of shit and you? The bucket 
Oh yeah you are real hard aren't you? Going around and beating women and all that sure makes you tough.
What African tribe are you from?
[deleted]
#FREAK!
That room at your mom's house looks pretty small. I'd say you should move out, but you're probably on house arrest
Whats the difference then a rapist and this guy? the rapist is more harder then him