You're about as Mexican as the Taco Bell I just had.
All of your masculinity must have went straight to that thumbs up
Quinceanera and a Bar mitzvah suit?
This is why Donald Trump wants to build a wall.
You look like Dora the Explorer's attorney at law
I mean, who wears a suit to cut lawns?
Im starting to understand what Donald Trump is on about.
You look like the type of person that would tap a pen repeatedly on his glass eye, just to annoy people.
That's a nice suit, how long did it take your illegal alien parent to farm up pennies to afford that.
Most of the Mexican immigrants in America came owning nothing, looking for a slice of the American dream. Many come with only bare essentials, or the few pairs of clothes they could bring with them. Some like OP are so poor upon arrival, they only own one facial expression.
Rich white boys: "You can't hit me, my Dad's a lawyer, he'll sue you!" This guy: "You can't hit me, my Dad's a drug lord, he'll behead you!"
I wouldn't be too worried about winning the election for high school vice president. They always give a spot to the autistic kid.
i dont think u need to where a suit to mow the lawn jose
Chinga 
TRUMP 2016
You have a Lego piece for hair and your skin has the texture of a meteorite.
This is bad: Where's your soccer jersey, oh wait you can't afford to buy one.
You are the kid who runs for class president and loses to the write-in joke answer.
You look like your family contains more smashed vegetables than Guacamole..... which is delicious by the way
Yeah, the "Proud to be an American" kinda Mexican.
Marco Rubio? What are you doing on here? Don't you have debates to lose?
Wax dolls have more real smiles than you
It was nice of your parents to cover your retard helmet with hair so you can fit in. 
[Maybe is it time to put your dad's suit away](http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/webdr03/2013/1/17/16/enhanced-buzz-1070-1358459378-0.jpg)
Off to get drunk at the bar mitzvah? Don't drop your yamka in the punch bowl. 
I'm impressed. You nailed the "I'm taking an arduous shit" face three times in a row.
Do you have your hair lowered onto your head like Darth Vader's helmet?
No youre not. Im mexican. I can safely say youre not mexican anymore. Go shame some other nationality
So here's Pedro, but where's Napoleon?
Were you holding in a massive shit throughout the taking of all of these pictures? Oh wait, never mind, that's just your natural face.
I think you misspelled gay
Nah guys, he's good.   With a face like THAT, we won't have to worry about him getting some illegal woman pregnant and creating an "anchor baby" situation.   His looks are birth control enough as it is.
You look like a landscaper fucked a young republican. 
If you're Mexican, I'm black. I'm fucking Russian...
I think being Mexican is enough