As we can see, your nipples grow a little whenever you lie. That's how we know you didn't move out your mom's house yet.
You look like a RPG character creation screen, that someone hit random on, and it turned out horribly. 
you look like you ate your mom's house.
I think you forgot a couple of chromosomes at your mom's
You thought you'd finally get laid moving out of your mom's house.   You thought wrong.
You look like a weed dealing sasquatch 
I bet your mom took this picture
Living up to the username I see.
You look like you would skateboard even though you would eat the skateboard.  
You look like a garden gnome 
You're like a white version of Shrek.
The crazy part of this picture is that the camera is only 3 feet off the ground and is still pointing down. 
"I'm 20, a freshman in college, and I just polished off a pallet of Cool Ranch Doritos."
Which women's college do you go to?
Casper the asian hard nippled crack head.
Troll! Theres a troll in the dungeon!!!
You look like it too
When you look like that, it's hard to think why your mom didn't kick you out earlier. 
You look like you're trying to join a frat. You'd get rejected on the basis that you aren't even attractive enough for the hazing ritual with a brown paper bag on your head.
Are you stood in water? Those legs look like they shouldn't be able to support that "Mattress-stuffed-with-cottage-cheese-and-two-raisin torso of yours."
You will meet the man of your dreams in remedial English classes
You dress yourself now?
You must have the great pyramids under your shirt. 
You look like a mix between Justin Bieber and pre weight-loss Jared Fogle, but with the same amount of child molestation.
Did she run out of tastykakes?
Somewhere in Westeros a wall is missing a maester.  
Did you move into a Little Debbie factory?
Is the penis on your face making up for something?
Let me guess, you moved out of her house and into the garden to be the little gnome? 
You've reached that plateau of fat where I'm not sure if you have Down syndrome or not.
How am I supposed to roast a garden gnome?
Is there a reason why you have a pair of asian vaginas where your eyes should be?