[deleted]
I bet those spider webs in your hair came out of your sister's vagina.
You look like what coming down from acid feels like
you look like you haven't left your room in 10 years.
This man really sat down at the barber and said, "aye, fam, you ever see what some fucking pubes look like? Give me that."
So you're the homeless guy that stole my phone!
It looks like you're peeking out of a bull's ass
Who have you been asking about your ego? Your rape victims? Sorry, But they lie. They all lie.
It's easy to have a massive ego when you're ugly as shit.
Your whole head looks like a pile of pubic hair. 
You look like Albert Einstein -200 IQ points
I wouldn't be able to deflate your chubby face either.
Bob Ross, more like Bob Hoss
I think you mispelled "Eggo."
That's probably the best thing you've ever been told about yourself.
I bet white Reggie Watts here's whole life is a fuck-shit stack of genetic disappointment. 
It's okay, most people with Aspergers have bid ego's.
Why is my asshair on Reddit?
You look like the love child of Bob Ross on meth and Christopher Lloyd on a bender.
You look like a bum peacock
Cleaning spider webs with your own hair must be a great way to save money that you don't use on razers. 
Are your parents Bob Ross and angel hair pasta?  
He would support terrorism if he could just find the motivation to leave the van. 
Best ass hair comb over I've ever seen.  
The inspiration to my name
I don't think your big ego protect your hair from becoming a freaking spiderweb!
Is that fishing line caught in your hair? I guess it only makes sense they would throw you back. 
Looks like you got a lot of shit on your mind
Loved you in Hocus Pocus. 
It looks like your jew-fro gave up
Daniel Stern in Home Alone if he went on a D-list celebrity rehab reality show.
I'd do my best to convince myself of my own worth if I looked like you too.  
Either a homeless fool or a mass murderer 
Your hair looks like the pile of hair sitting in my toilet bowl after I shave my penis.
I feel like I could guess the exact spot on your brain that lights up in response to stress.
You look like Jeff Ross and Lisa Lampanelli had a baby
I wish the picture was as fuzzy as that nest of pubes on your head. 
It's not funny on those jack links commercials when they don't give you jerky.
The only thing massive in your life is your grocery bill.
Moses Belushi.
Thank you for actively removing yourself from breeding stock.
I think you missed where the cocaine goes Einstain.
You look like a less talented version of Reggie Watts
You are the personification of hairy jewish balls.
Being a fatass is the least of your problems 
You look like a baby bursting forth from a vaginal canal
Peter Jackson's retarded brother finally fit his dick in that electrical socket. 
You look like you use tumblr
I think a bird is making a next on the left side of your head.
You look like Bob Ross after sticking a knife in an electrical outlet.
You look like you're the coolest guy you know.
Free software does not mean people just give you free stuff.
Like a hobo that got hit by lightning. I don't know whether to give you some change because I feel bad for you, or to give you some change so you'll leave me alone. 
When you enter a room people laugh at you
I'm just gonna call you nutsack head. 
You look like Jim James' fatter, retarded brother went on a 3 day bender and forgot where he parked his car. 
Hey, if you're gonna be ugly, commit to it. Well done.
"Hairdo". They were saying "massive hairdo".