Jeez, Asian moms are brutal.
You have a better chance of getting laid as the chick.
This is what happens when you sniff your boyfriend's underwear too hard
I thought the gays had good taste in clothing. 
The only think you haven't heard is that your dad is proud of you.
That logo on your shirt is more of a mustache than anything you'll ever be able to grow on your upper lip     
What's life as an abortion survivor like? 
Your nose is shaped like a water slide
so your cleft is bigger than your dick?
Dude the cleft is the least of your problems. That nose just does not know what to do with itself.
You should work part time as a Thailand hooker. Not an insult, just a suggestion 
I'm gonna print your picture out and put it in my wallet. Anytime I feel like a depressed loser, I'll look at it to remind how much better my life is
Operation smile called. They want their donation back
Does your nose curve the same direction as your boyfriends penis?
No, you haven't heard what a woman having an orgasm sounds like.
Does your nose always point South East?
Put a bow on your head, and you'd be one [oyster lucy](http://homerize.com/_framegrabs/9F21/fg_032.jpg) lookin motherfucker...
Good news for your parents!  They can have another kid now! 
Oh, sure. When YOU tell everyone you have a small dick, it's fine. But when I tell people I have a small dick they kick me out of Wendy's. 
The eye shadow, the look in your face, I know what's going on. You cant hide it. But if you need help impressing the men, sorry. Not even they will love you.
Looks like someone went a little crazy with the Smudge tool on Photoshop.
The Asian version of Little Nicky
Did your mom drink while pregnant because she knew you would turn out so ugly?
You really out here looking like somebody let a toddler make a mii. 
I am pretty sure this is what happens when the doctor smacks the wrong end.
Your tiger mom fucked your lip up.  
Looks like a strong gust of wind is blowing the bottom half of your face away.
Better than having a cleft dick, I suppose.
Small dick, huh? Must make it easy for you to tuck it back for your Asian Buffalo Bill costume.
The cleft is for seamless crack licking.
So... is your head just always tilted or is your hair just as fucked up as your excuse for dick? 
it's not even fun at this point
You have the most slanted face I've ever seen in my life. 
You're mom must've drank a lot of booze after the abortion failed to give you a lip like that.
you look like you are in the middle of gender reassignment surgery
You look like Harry Kim and Little Nicky had a horrible love child. That survived abortion. 
Sorry bubba, even lipstick ain't gonna hide that one.
Have they mentioned your ski-slope nose?
your mom must have been more bombed than your country when she was pregnant with rape baby you
Your cleft's as large as your dick is small, OP.
I would roast you but the second I opened your photo I got the most intense cringe of my life and now im blind