You're the guy who everyone is nice to for a few weeks after there's a shooting 
You look like if Megamind was a registered sex offender.
I am saving your photo for when people ask me what I mean by 'pedo glasses'. 
*Next week on the AMC's walking dead: Daryl's inbred retard cousin comes to visit alexandria. Hilarity ensues.*  *Sponsored by Toyota*
[Do the creep](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tLPZmPaHme0)
Your face looks already looks like that ugly PhotoBooth filter.
You look like the kid Mac Miller and Bubbles from TPB tried to have aborted
Who introduced The Trailer Park Boys to methamphetamine ?
Bubbles, is that you?
You look like Edgar Allen Poe right before he realized he was fucking hideous and tried to kill himself . Same fucked up head and everything . Eww. 
Im guessing you are the offspring of a not-quite-known surfer and the person who coded grindr
Tell the right side of your face to at least make an effort to work. Also as a precaution never stand with the sun at your back admiring a log cabin. 
You mom and dad brother and sister?
You look like what happens when the abortion kinda worked. 
Your skull would make a lovely guitar pick for a giant.
Close encounter of the nerd kind
You remind me a lot of what I imagine the retarded love child of Macaulay Culkin and Steve Buscemi would look like.
Those glasses aren't the only part of your face that enjoy a huge amount of rimming
You look like kurt cobain, after he shot himself
Goddamn ! Your head looks a hot air ballon . Your mother probably used your head as a baby for a dildo . 
Your head is like the human personification of a pimple.
When alien-human hybrid is a failure, but it still survived 
Are you a Playstation character?
You look like you bathe in the toxic waste outside a mountain dew plant 
You're about two pounds of coke and every talent short of Johnny Depp.
TIL Roswell is real and living amongst the human population 
Looking forward to seeing this picture underneath a news headline in a few years that says "Cult Leader coerces Thousands to commit mass Suicide".
I know that smug look..it means "you don't know it yet but I'm gonna blow shit up."
You should install a carnival mirror in your bathroom so you can at least pretend you've got a normal head while you brush your teeth.
Is that your real hair, or are you a bald guy who walked through a spiderweb?
You're the guy even the teachers picked on. Textbook example of a fucking dweeb.
You look like you run like they do in Naruto. Oh, lord, they must not let your ass hang around playgrounds. Ol' "excuse me, sir! Please stop staring at my child" headass. Facial hair looking like a thirteen year old tryna flex whatever he can grow. Why does your hair look dirtier than my tongue after I eat a girl's ass? And why tf your head shaped like an alien? 
Dwight Schrute fucked David Spade and Spade drank a lot while he was pregnant. And this is the result.
That's shopped, right?
You look like a cross between a transvestite and Danny Boyle. 
Eye brows look like energy blasts from dbz
Bever knew shaggy from scooby doo had a five head 
http://kingoflosers.ytmnd.com/
You look awfully proud that Micky D's fired you for jacking off in the ball pit during your lunch break.
It must suck to have an extra chromosome, but hey you can at least park in the disabled car spaces. 
You look like every kid from the Malcolm in the Middle family got put in a microwave
How the fuck could I roast Bubbles from trailer park boys? He was my favorite character in that movie.
When the size of your glasses are compensating for something else
Trying to play off that fugly-ass haircut with a smirk like you meant for it to look like that.
You look like [Dr. Hector Hammond](http://i.imgur.com/NGcIFAS.jpg) with hyperopia.
Now take a pic without the fisheye lens
Can the left side of your face even keep up with what the right side is reading here?   Have you ever tried putting your greasy hair into a ponytail and pulling it upwards to find out where your face is supposed to sit on your head?
This is Justin Timberlake's twin brother who was more interested in computers.
Where are the ends of your fingers?
Take your forehead back to the shop. It's well beyond an acceptable PSI. 
It is like you are your own caricature. 
If you were a flavor you'd be salted caramel
Omg Obi I know you in real life, you'd never guess who though ahah. Yeah but your haircut, mmmmm foul
And in this corner we have TREVOR the twiggy alien man.
You look like bubbles from trailer park boys retarded cousin!
Looks like we've finally found out what happened to Jesse Pinkman after the final season.
You look like someone mashed Hank Hill and Buckley from King of the Hill into the same person. You could probably get away with telling Mitch Hedberg's jokes at parties. If you ever got invited to any.
Do you blend your morning smoothie with bong water?
I can't tell if I hate your "hair" or your glasses more. Both are equally likely to fend off any potential dates. 
You're that autistic kid that feeds every game
Ol' TSIMFUCKIS lookin' ass nigga.
You look like you grew out of the ground.
I hope to find that forehead on bestgore 
This is actually just a mashup of every character from Breaking Bad.
Bubbles
You're not supposed to wear magnifying glass...
You look like someone hit 'Random' while creating their Mii character.
You look like the love child of Shaggy and Velma. They named you Shelma, and your dyslexic friends call you "Shemale".
You look like Shaggy from Scooby Doo and Lester from GTA V fucked until it worked and you were conceived.
TIIIIIIIIIIIIIMMMMMYYYYYYYY
Chickenboy Reincarnated
You are an abortion that lived..
Your face is so ugly, your hairline is trying to run away. 
Your face looks like an upside down triangle except more retarded 