I think you've had enough roasts, i suggest a salad instead.
DISQUALIFIED!
You're not even talking and I already want you to shut the hell up
Winner of the hunger games by attrition is Catpies Neverclean
Tumblr is your only form of human contact.
I was wondering why you looked hotter in the second pic and I realized its because you can't see as much of your body in that one
I bet you're cool on tumblr.
[deleted]
You look like you had your college lesbian experience with large cheese pizza.
If you really want to get roasted show up stark naked at a restaurant with an apple in your mouth. 
The only difference between fingering you and a marshmallow is that the marshmallow wouldnt follow me around annoying the shit out of me.
You remind me of a beach ball in the first picture. 
I like women with curves. I just don't like circles. 
Blue hair dye's on aisle three, cat food's on eight, and I'm afraid we don't carry self-esteem.
That shade of red really shows off how well your teeth match your yellow backdrop!
that paper is probably the fanciest thing you own.
You're the practice girl
You won't make it as a feminist until you stop breaking the scales of justice 
Looks like someone already got schwifty, took off their pants, and shat on your wall.
Bruce Jenner said that she wants you to take the award for being the manliest woman 
Is the second picture a Halloween costume? For real though...
You should get diet-y instead.
The amount of makeup you have to wear to not look terrible probably weighs about as much as you do.
Aren't you the alien that had space AIDS that Rick was trying to cure?
I love the production value of this, you had your image tiled on a bedsheet and hung it behind you for this photo shoot. Classy 
Ohmagerd look at me and my hip tv references
You'd be more interesting with [the right tattoos](http://www.imdb.com/media/rm2433592064/nm2029984?ref_=nmmd_md_pv)  Seriously I had to look at you twice because I thought this was a set-up.
You look the type to get PTSD from "twitter and cyberstalking"
You look like the fat version of the girl that always gets denied 
Not even the camera angle is on your side.
The glasses confirm that these comments will be posted to her SJW blog as an example of harassment.  I just want to know if all the weight gain was from eating your own period blood.
So are you here to tell us all about how our roasts are caused by THE PATRIARCHY?
With the darker hair you look like Marilyn Manson with a food and tumbler addiction. 
Ok, we can do this but you have to show up after 10pm each day. Also, if you see me in public, just pretend like we don't know each other. The most important rule of all, you have to stfu. Oh, and I forgot. You have to leave immediately after I'm done.
Judging from your post history,  you seem more desperate than most small dogs, except when you take a dog out back and shoot it, someone would care.
You look like you paint your nails every two weeks but being a cashier at Walmart wears them down to their current form
If a meteor was headed for earth  we could just get you to open your mouth and eat it cuz it looks like you've got an appetite of galactic proportions!
The only roasting you'd be getting is on a spit.
It's like someone wrapped foot skin around a potato and made your head.
The extra fat must make it easier to hide your cock. Best of luck deceiving lesbians with your Women's Studies degree.
Oh your that girl that created photoshop editing and shared it with the rest of your fat fuck friends and created the teenage crisis we are in today
You're the reason why I don't trust online dating.
Go back to tumblr. 
You're the "jalopy" that gets practiced on in high school before moving on to a convertible.
You look like you give incredible blowjobs. I tried to think of an insult but settled for accuracy.
All these years I thought the Penguin was a man...
You're probably as heavy as those elephants you're in front of, combined.
Aren't you supposed to be in jail for 4 2nd Degree murder charges in Stillwater?
lindy west, buttercorn is a snack not a beverage hon
I think it's time to address the elephant in the room. Why would you get a tapestry of yourself?
You look like the kind of chick that is exhilarated by the idea of being the victim, defending yourself against the patriarchy, which must be exciting because the only other struggle you have is probably with a scale.
why buy a mirror when you can hang a drape showing what a fucking elephant you are
Making references to something Reddit circlejerks over wont get you karma. And let's be honest, that's all you did this for.
If you want a roast so bad, just look in one of your rolls of fat. You just might find one, along with everything else.
[deleted]