I loved you in Planet of the Apes.
http://i59.tinypic.com/zxvcwm.jpg   Monsters Inc. lips havin' ass.
[These guys](http://www.blogcdn.com/slideshows/images/slides/261/840/2/S2618402/slug/l/mens-male-plastic-surgery-fails-07-igor-grichka-getty-483056855-1.jpg).  You look like what their end results will be when they finally realize they have gone too far.
Fez has been sucking a LOT of dick since That 70's Show ended!
We'll do our best because your parent sure as hell didn't.
I don't know what question I'm more curious in getting answered....what college brochures you've been featured in, because you have that perfect blend of no one knowing what fucking race you are. Looking like Kentucky fried chicken lo mein. Or the second question of how did you get two friendship bracelets when it's glaringly obvious no one would ever choose to be your friend. 
Looks like your mouth adapted to eat tacos sideways
Congrats on almost successfully swallowing that grand piano
What's wider? Your mouth or your asshole? 
I know a great dental school that specializes in  cases such as yours,
What's your career choice? Bear trap?
I'm an average looking guy . I look great some days and some days i doubt whether I am as hot as I think.  Then I come here and see this. Thank you for making me count my blessings. 
No I won't smell your finger, I know you just took it out of your own ass.
Mexican neanderthal
You look like Nash Grier if he had fetal alcohol syndrome 
It seems like they took some skin from your ass to remodel your face 
If your mouth gets any wider you could sign your name as the joker
If John Mulaney and Daniel Tosh had a botched abortion, you look like the aftermath.
You've got dick sucking lips and those bracelets tell me you've used them as such
I would, but I think the apple would fall out of your mouth. 
Shaved GEICO caveman
Judging by your posture, I'm guessing... rectal prolapse?
You look like you just got outbof a colonoscopy.
The stars have always guided humans. from the dawn of humanity, men and women everywhere have gazed into the stars in wonderment. As natural pattern-recognition machines, people have been assigning meanings to specific stars and even specific groups of stars. People think they can see patterns and invent constellations. The ancient greeks in particular were known for vivid constellations, from Orion and his battles to Ursa major. I cant even begin to imagine what they would say about the thousands of fucking freckles on your face, Ahmed.   I bet some people would make out a vague clock, while others would think it was a bomb.
You killed Bush at the GOP debate tonight, but unfortunately, that's the last bush you'll ever be slaying.
Who the fuck posted a retarded kid on here?