Thank you!! You DID fix my problem!  Just looking at you I already feel like a male model in comparison to your somehow skinny and chubby, double-chin, lesbian shaped self!
At least grow a neckbeard to hide that double chin
You look like Eric Mathews from boy meets world but with mild Aspergers. 
Dylan Klebold's disabled brother everyone!
You look like you accidentally molested that dog to death
Can you fix stupid?
You're what parents call "the death penalty" 
You look like one of those people I avoid playing board games with because they get too angry. 
Did you have to call your mom aunt too?
As much as I'd love to roast you, it looks like life has done a pretty good job of that so far.
You look like one of those people who claims to be "jaded" with life but is really just lazy and boring. You lament that you're only good for fixing people's shit but that is because you've never actually tried to become good at anything, well besides probably video games. 
When you say my only skill is fixing other people's shit, that says to me you offer a lot of opinions and most likely everybody wishes you would but the fuck out. 
You look like a mascot for autism
You look like the kind of person that won't leave my house after a party because your dad won't stop calling you a lesbian. 
You look like dogshit next to that majestic peacock.  Why would you put yourself through that?
You look like a Tranny who stopped trying.
You look like a real-life male version of Meg from Family Guy.
I thought all the thumbs from spy kids had died
Despite being your only redeeming quality, you still aren't skilled enough to fix your own shit. Maybe you should visit a professional to help? Like a plastic surgeon?
You look like Kevin Sorbo without testosterone. 
how do u fix shit?
Pretty sure anything that gets posted here will be on CNN as a possible trigger for your senseless slaughter of innocents.  Don't do it bro.
You're so hideous you had to teach yourself to get a blowjob. 
Your forehead looks bigger than your self esteem.
Can you fix your spine?
I don't roast people with fetal alcohol syndrome.
I can tell by your cool haircut that your legs are probably usually in that position.
Did someone summon a lesbian spider demon or someshit over here? Idk but I can smell the fish already 
What's it like knowing you'll always have to pay for sex?
These better be blunderyear pics from when you were 12
I'm not sure what gender you are.
Long title, should've included gender
You look like if you shot yourself in the face with a shotgun you'd benefit from the plastic surgery. Good day. 
You'll make a perfect smug IT help desk guy.
/r/autismawanress
You look like EgoRaptor if he survived an abortion.
Thank god you're so flexible, no one is ging to suck your dick but you.
You look like a nerdy lesbian in 1994
Sooo you're 15 and still unsuccessfully trying to touch a pussy in the hopes you'll stop looking at dudes in the locker room.  It's 2015 dude.  You can come out now.
I work at an abortion clinic in Atlanta and our competitor is always destroying us in sales and I had always wondered why, until the other day: I found that they had a massive billboard with your face on it, simply decorated by the caption "Your child could look like this".  By the way, could you send a picture of your face to greg@coathangerdepot.com
Sooo, when will your sex change be completed again?
I bet you suck shit from your own ass.
Serious post: If you mean what it sounds like you mean about fixing other people's shit and feeling like an asshole, it's time somebody returned the favor.   Folks who ask for advice too often are using you. They don't take your advice. They know what to do. They're crossing your boundaries by making you feel responsible for them, making you earn love (by your relationship being contingent on your usefulness), it is a form of scapegoating and testing how much you'll put up with (how exploitable and easy you are to influence). They do this by asking you to take a side in a conflict implicitly by "helping" them judge, and they use you to justify behavior on the other side. Portraying you as a leader or guide is a way of making you the source of the conflict when you're not. It's a form of grooming also, as well as control and being the center of attention. The trustand attention you get in return is a deception.  It's an easy thing to fall for because it preys on trust and help and a desire for friendship and getting-along. When you respond to "make peace" and excuse another, you *accept the premise that they did something wrong.* Even speaking on their behalf is a violation of their boundaries because it accepts premises. Each time you help you are doing something for somebody else and not yourself, and the point of drama is that control over several parties in this way.  Be careful and be ever honest with yourself first. Boundaries are what reveal bullies and manipulators and exploitative people, and what helps good people have the space and freedom to truly grow. Give your friends boundaries and draw firm ones for yourself, and bad people will hate you and good people will flourish with you. Don't confront or cut-off, just make people wait or have other priorities. If you don't have anything better to do, then just say you do. If they won't observe boundaries and so begin attacking, gaslighting, confusing, guilting, obligating, and petty revenge-getting, I told you in advance that it's not your fault.
why am I 100% certain you've tasted dog cum before?