Foreheads are supposed to be above eyebrows not between them.
Can you post another pic? A dying hawk flew in front of the camera and we can only see your pigtails
Shouldn't you be editing the school yearbook or something?
It's not legally possible for your eyebrows to be farther apart.
It looks like your eyebrows are in a long distance relationship.
You look like that gay boy that was forced to have a sex change as a child because their father disapproved of homosexuals.
The only eyewear that face can accommodate is twin monocles
Are your eyebrows racing away from each other to escape your face or to attempt to fix your hair?
The reason you cropped the rest of your face out is because your forehead probably wouldn't fit in the frame.
You look like you'll be begging for crack money outside of a gas station in five years
No, honey, you've never heard the words *I'm cumming* followed by anything other than *Do you have change for a 20?*
Lips probably as flat as your ass smfh. 
All of these roasts in this post fucking suck.  That mole above your eye brow looks like the wrinkly dried up shit in my tea.  Your nose is fucking brighter than pikachu when he's using thunderbolt and your cheekbones are flatter than your chest.
Pluck your eyebrows around the edges, not starting at the middle and working your way out.
Your hair makes you look like a woman who just murdered her husband.
Your eyes look like they have been flipped upside-down. Also, it looks like you have the Tom Cruise three front teeth. 
Why? It looks like your dad already makes you cry.
you look like a fucking emu lmao
Your face looks like it hasn't decided if it wants to be a part of this whole thing you've got going on.
You're so hideous even your eyebrows are trying escape your face.
Your eyelashes remind me of some old fucked up paint brush
It looks like your eyebrows are playing pinball with that huge ass mark above your right brow
Nice try, pewdiepie. Now get off reddit and make me more videos 
Is that your real hair or did you just sweep up the loose hair on the floor and glue it to your head? 
 With an eye like yours I'd feel like I was picking on a stroke victims  You also have a nice veneer on your nose. Few people polish theirs like you do.
I'd think you're prettier if you didn't look like you're 6.
No, you haven't heard it all...You look deaf, is what I'm trying to say.
You look like you give blowjobs lazier than your right eye
So, how many years have you been 14?
You should have practiced drawing eyebrows on that smiley face before you did your face.
You're a lava lamp, strangely satisfying to look at, but if you put your dick in it, you'll end up with a burning sensation. 
"Mid-sneeze resting face"
God bless your eyebrows for having the courage to do what your parents never could before having you.
"I'm proud of you, I'm glad you're my daughter" - 2 things you've definitely never heard.
is that shit in your face? Ohh wait its just shitty looking birthmark
You're not passing for human. I'm sure they'd be happy to roast you on your home planet.
Well at least her forehead-  Wait why is your forehead shaped like an obtuse triangle? Or will your comprehensive math skills determine it is more of an "acute"
Did your stepdad hit you with a fucking chair before you posted this? 
Did you take a cum shot to you eye?
You can see your ears without a mirror
you look like the sloth from ice age after it fell off the iceberg 