A fedora with gym shorts bet you impress all the trailer park girls.
If the date rape pill took human form it would look like you
He wears a fedora, he's already roasting himself.
There's no way he's not trying to look bad for a Roast Me pic.  No one could look this sad, pathetic, or disgusting without effort.  Disqualified. 
now all he has to do is grow a neck beard then he will achieve autism
You look like the kind of guy that makes a girl breakfast after the roofie wears off.
Saving this picture for later so that I can show people what I mean when I say pedo amish.
Bitch put on a fedora to hide the fact that his shirt had more wrinkles than his shriveled up dick.
I thought Fidel Castro forbade homosexuality, but he must've made an exception for you.
Kenny G has more credibility than you.
What is your life style like that your shirt is that wrinkled? Divert your fedora fund to buying an iron you fucking neanderthal.
He looks like the kind of guy than needs a fan for his ball sack sweat
He must also like being a virgin.
They should put you in a can to be used as pussy repellent. 
"Fedora's" means "Fedora is"? or does it mean that something belongs to the fedora?   your roommate has an ugly hat, but he looks like the type of person who has at least a second grader's grasp of grammar. 
Taking a break from Doritos, Mt. Dew, and WoW?
Classy fedora and gym shots in case some wants to fuck around and get dunked on
I believe you have the wrong subreddit.  Clearly you were looking for /r/punchablefaces.
He obviously thinks a lot of things that are incorrect 
I wouldn't even let you finger bang my guitar
I like how he loses formality as you go from the top of his head to his shorts.   He already knows that if any girl was going to do him, the hat was gonna be the dealbreaker so why even try with the rest.
I'm so confused. You have the body of a 15 year old white boy, but the face of a 30 year old Mexican.
He's glowing with euphoria, see how his face shines bright.
It's Reddit in the flesh
He definitely uses his fedora as a cumdumpster
Do you genuinely like Nickelback, too?
He can like fedoras all he wants, but it's not going to change that no one is going to like him.
Even if we can't roast him you can be sure that literally every person that he passes on the street each day is passing extreme, harsh inner judgment. 
You're wearing gym shorts, your shirt looks like you slept in it, your facial hair will only be symmetrical when you shave it off and the worst part of all is that you didn't even bother to by a fedora that looked like it didn't come from a gas station 
He's about a few hundred pounds from becoming an average Redditor. 
Edit: That fedora has done enough roasting for the lot of us.
You call girls "m'lady"
you room mate is gonna stop you from getting pussy ditch that looser immediately!
The fact that your roommate can't tell the difference between a fedora and a Trilby says a lot about his perceived intelligence. Not to say he has any.
what's your roomie digging around in his pants?  Surely not the housekeys. 
So how long have you worked at gamestop?
Your roommate likes huffing his own farts and never washing his towel.
did u make that fedora using ur pubic hair 