Do you style your hair with the oil from your face?
Acne on your face, cigarette burn on your finger...  I think it's safe to assume you have track marks on your arms, too.
I think covering your face up with the acne was a smart move. once you finish puberty and can grow a beard, you'll have more options. 
Most of the time people are ashamed of their acne. I think your acne is ashamed of you.
You look like the kind of guy that would get drunk at a party and hijack the aux cord to play Bring Me the Horizon.
I can only list a handful of people that can cross their legs like that. Wait, now that I think about it, they all have vaginas!
The last time you took a shower, those red bedsheets were in fashion. 
Ellen Degeneres found heroine
You should stop eating greasy food when you're high off of opium
The only thing that's going to kill you is the AIDS you contracted when you were sucking dick for heroin
Why does your door have a sign for your dick?
That's not acne, it's all the headmates trying to escape.
No, tell us more about how gender-fluid you are.
You look like a meth-addicted Jesse McCartney. 
Perhaps you wouldn't have acne if you covered up the Portuguese Man o' War emerging from beneath that carpet underlay on your head.
You sit like that to tuck your pathetic cock away so you can pretend you're a girl
&gt;I'm sure it'll kill me   Don't raise everyone's hopes
Your band is never going to make it big.
Just viewing the way you are sitting indicates why you will always have zits---on your ass
Bet you wear that ski cap even when it's 95 degrees out.
Girls sit that way.  But you knew that already sweetie.
You look like Jay from the Inbetweeners got hooked on crack and now gives blowjobs to guidance councillors for spare change.
Your acne is the only thing about you, I don't want to see smashed with a hammer.
You have a Cobain vibe. Follow his lead...
You look like Draco Malfoy if he had loving parents and was accepted for being gay.
The other side of that sign says "free candy, kids!" 
the acne jokes wont kill you but the swat team will when you shoot up the school after you're done here
At this point you should start taking Accutane for the hell of it and after looking at those hands, I'm stuck with one question. How are you related to salad fingers?
Your face looks kind of like your asshole does after a night in the porta potty and way too many dudes who look like your dad
Not gonna make fun of your poor face... U got too many X chromosomes sister!
*In case of fire, use this boy's face to scare away the flames.*
Whatever you say, generic 90s pop artist. 
Quick! Stick your head in the freezer, your face is melting.
You got ink on your finger 
Professor Quirrell, how am I supposed to roast when you covered the wrong side of your damn head?