Keep crying. Maybe daddy WILL notice. 
Assuming you are a girl.  Even a catholic priest wants nothing to do with you.
almost didn't see you there shrub with all that greenery in the background, good camo... NOT!
How does it feel to be so androgynous that no gender will ever be attracted to you?
After you're done shooting up your school, will the police look at this post?
why does he have a bush on his head
The joker wants his hair back
You are the colour Beige manifest. Your hair says emo but your face says you want to sell me vacuum cleaner insurance.
You thought it was a good idea to dye your hair green before realising that real life is not anime.
Why do so many RoastMe posts seem to come from the same twink-only Prep School?
You know what they say, if there's grass on the field... you should probably kill yourself.
You look like if Justin Bieber and Ellen Degenerous got together, smoked a bunch of crack, had a baby, and sold it for more crack. 
You look like a future senator for the Deep South, who will have a perfect life and family. Up until the day you get caught using campaign funds at a gay strip club. At which point you will loose everything, get divorced and move to a studio apartment is Sheboygan Wisconsin, where you ultimately end up killing yourself and the thing you will be most famous for in life is becoming a meme on reddit. 
Seems like you've probably been through enough.
Shame that all your features are so low on your face since there's so much more room above your eyes
We have something in common! We're making the same face. 
freak
I know a place you would be really popular, prison.
She looks like her tampon is full and about to fall out.
You look like a herm, you know little dick little puss.
Did your bullies put you up to this? Don't worry, one day you will get even. Then you will have to rely on those DSLs to keep you well liked in prison.  Edit: Shit, you're a girl?? Now I'm more confused than you are.
"I'm Grass-kin please use the pronouns Gre, Ge, Grey."
You look like a lesbian howdie doody doll-- and Someone currently has their hand jammed up your ass playing you like a puppet