You look like you could probably eat an apple through a picket fence
I'm guessing "Do your worst" is what you also told your dentist?
If you were a transformer you would definitely be an Autismo bot.
Looks like the booze your mom drank while she was pregnant already did.
You look like Ed Milliband and Wallace from Wallace and Gromit had an underfed baby.
Do you order a side of rocks when you eat out? 
OP, you're not supposed to down vote the ones that hurt your feelings. This is a roast, quit being a Roger.
Have you been taking chunks out of your ears with those teeth Jaws?
I am guessing you always sound like you are mumbling with that mouth full of candy corn.
U look like that thing from the goonies.
You look like you have a metroid hiding in your mouth.
I'm in need of assistance in opening up this can of soup, can you help me out?
You look like Dracula's son, Downcula.
Paging Orthodontist paging the Orthodontist---major repair needed in the cafeteria  
Shouldn't you be out hiding acorns before winter?
I bet you work at Home Depot making spare keys with that set of teeth. 
dude you get bashed in the mouth with a baseball bat?  
You look like McLovin had a stroke and never recovered.
The long nose and jacked up teeth suggest you may have been the product of a horse porno.
Looks like you got turned by a mentally retarded vampire.
Your parents already did
Your daddy's sperm did you way worse than anything you could get here
You look like you share a dentist with Nosferatu.
So you are sitting at the oddball tard table...the big boys on campus would not piss on you if you were on fire.
Here ladies and gentlemen is a walking billboard for why cousins shouldn't fuck.
Good lord, your face looks like one of those custom Tony Hawk Pro Skater maps with a giant kicker that gaps a punji pit.
It looks like your outside teeth are guarding the two middle ones, because they know you have so few left, and the survivors have to be protected. 
VIVA JUNIOR COLLEGE