so when is your episode of maury gonna air? 
Except tracking down the father.
You look like the kind of mom that names their kid Kyler.
[deleted]
You don't have to tell us, we can tell you make bad decisions.
You pierced your nose, got a finger tattoo, and draw a freaking slash through your O's because you think it makes you unique. You're about a deep as a kiddie pool. 
Single mom in the Midwest white girl named Brooklyn. Yeah, we know. 
You look like someone who might make daily Facebook posts about the magic and joy of single motherhood, but in your heart-of-hearts you know it was a bad idea.
The way I see it you've got two choices, stripper or welfare.
Youre gonna be the type of mom whos son is mentally challenged and you blame the teacher. Then sleep with him
and where did you get pregnant? at Burning Man?
The face of unplanned pregnancy and bad decisions.
You're right, You can handle anything - 25 consecutive black dicks is a tough challenge.
We know you're a mommy, just like we know you're not a wife.
How awkward is it going to be when you kids grow up and accidentally stumble across one of your amateur porn videos you did to 'make ends meet'?
Don't listen to the rest of these guys. For a 40 year old former drug addict, you look absolutely gorgeous. 
How is your life long dream of being on teen mom working out?
She gets a freckle for every black guy she slept with
Except your child support payments.
Your pimp can't be happy, and Does he give you unemployment?
What's the O/U on how many "I love BBC" tattoos you have?
Since you're like 17, maybe you shouldn't have handled the dick just yet.
Can handle everything except birth control....
That hand tattoo is obviously not the fist mistake you've made.
Child Protective Service is saving this URL right now.
It's funny how some females think being a mom is unique 
Putting a ferret in your cooter and then coaxing him out with peanut butter doesn't count
ergo:  she puts out to anyone
Ain't my kid. I use covers. 
single mum obviously. at least you got a child and a nose ring as a symbol of lifelong commitment
Is the father black?
&gt;I can handle anything!   Exact thing you said the night you got knocked up by your Dad's poker buddy.
Except raising a happy child.
"parttiimemermaid"  Can't pronounce the name.  Obviously fake.  Oh and lot's of black dicks due to freckles. And no soul.
You know, you could have cleaned up after the gag fuck and *then* taken this picture.
Your face looks like you wipe your tears with sandpaper
You can handle anything... except not getting attention.
You start online dating profiles with 'my child is my world! We're a package deal!!'
Next week on Teen Mom!
it dont look like you handled breast feeding well with those saggie maggies
You apparently can't handle regularly taking birth control though.
Hahaha... of course you are.
Do you know who your kids daddy is?
You need to have custody of your kids to be a real mommy.
You're always going to be used as an example in your child's class about why one should use protection 
so you got a mealticket. Door knobs are also found in r/trashy
Teenage pregnancy is bitch, isn't it?
Why are your eyebrows so far apart? Is it so they don't tickle balls?
So what's your stage name?
Handle anything like the "train' that was probably pulled on you in the trailer park, that made you a mommy?
Once you figure out which gang banger is the daddy you can push him to sell more crack to afford the child support.
Was your kid born with Grandaddy issues?
Can't blame the father for running away from a crackie
The guys down at the sketchy strip club pay yo baby's bills in exchange for the usual wear-you-out cocaine gangbang stuff. Bitches call them buffalo.
Just like you handled your one night stand not calling back?
one mistake led to another.
You look like you smoked meth throughout your pregnancy and then got angry with the doctor when your kid came out autistic and strung out on your cigarette smoke and meth flavored breast milk.
How many times have you been features on /r/trashy? You are probably the mom that's going to end up trying to be cool and smoke weed with your kid's friends, who you'll then sleep with and get thrown in jail. Good times.
I feel bad, you must be color blind, you can't match your eyebrows with your hair. Poor soul.
"I can handle anything!" sounds like your catch-phrase when you're working the corner.
Don't worry, you'll find a deaf-mute guy willing to stick around someday. 
Your head looks so much like a football that Tom Brady wants to deflate it 
Looks like you've swallowed a lot of babies too. 
Everything apart from a condom.
Didn't we call you "Harley Shop" in high school?  Yeah... Hog's were aways parking in your "garage"
Except for contraception apparently. 
Single mom, non-white kid, punched in the face by a man on multiple occasions, trailer park, ex-con, high school dropout, current stripper.   So are you single or what?
16 and pregnant
You may be a mom but not a MILF. Big difference honey. 
Like 3 black dicks and a casting couch?
"If you can't handle me at my worst...."
Apparently you can handle everything except for school and a job above minimum wage.
Your eyebrows are trying to crawl into your hair 
You obviously couldn't handle that condom or even other forms of birth control that were way beyond your mental capability , that little child is going to be a mastermind compered to your sub-basic simple minded failed intelligence !!
That deodorant cap you stuffed up your vag obviously wasn't a very effective contraceptive tool, eh.
Crack whore with a crack baby... Little Tyrone doesn't even have a chance in this world.
Hope those freckles turn cancerous 
What does the tattoo on your finger say, resentment?