You look like you know how to cook a squirrel 10 different ways.
I think your fingers are a little short. What does your cousin think?
Has that "Forever stuck in a fast food kitchen" look to him.
You look like a dried old prune . 
I didn't know McDonalds added meth to the menu.
Paroled ex con tweaker giving us the single digit victory sign. You should be working at the car wash instead of McDonalds.
Do you still buy meth from the cute girl down at the racetrack? I heard you used to fuck her for a discount.  Wait, wasnt that your sister?
A guy from work? Where do you work, a meth lab?
How much do you have in your McDonald's 401k? You look old enough to retire by now. 
It is always encouraging to see businesses giving homeless people a chance, even if it is only a burger flipper
Being a school janitor must be tough huh?
More kids than teeth, and more STDs than kids that aren't in jail.
This guy taught Goku the Kamehameha?
You look like you start every other sentence with "im not racist, but..."
He looks like that one drunk shady uncle at family reunions that you tell your kids to stay away from.
Is that the number of branches on your family tree?
I'm betting when you're not making bathtub moonshine with Bubba n the boys, you're sitting on your porch drinking beers waiting for your Sister-wife to bring lil Billy Ray and  Bobby Joe back from social services. 
Tell him he was great in Faces of Meth
Don't get cocky just because you finally found a job where you work inside, Cleetus. You still live in a travel trailer behind your Mom's double-wide and spend your entire $232/week fast food paycheck on cigarettes and meth.
He looks like he'd molest a 14 year old and give her a hit of meth
looks the mercury from all that whale meat is catching up to you
You look like you could have been the inspiration for the movie Joe Dirt.
Meth. Not even once.
I thought John McAfee was already in custody?
You probably drugged more woman than Bill Cosby
You look like the photo fit for every child molester I've ever seen on the news. Here's a photo fit of you from the Madelline McCann case http://www.mccannfiles.com/id67.html