So this is where the BP oil spill ended up
With a little salt and ketchup, you might not taste half bad 
If you invested in a shower and some proactive, you might be the prettiest girl at your methadone clinic.
&gt;My body is ready  Good because I'm about to throw up all over your back
You're guaranteed a job at any burger joints. 5 orders of fries. "Julie wince hard, we need 2 cup of oils from your face"
Hang on, need to find my sunglasses first.
you may be ready, but, proactive is not.  
Glad to see your already lubed up. My dick could use your forehead like a slip n slide
Only thing you're ready for is movember.  
I had to clean my screen with isopropyl alcohol after clicking that link 
Surprised America has not invaded your face for oil yet
"My body is ready"... to be cleaned.
For a weight reduction? 
You look like you just got done fucking your gym teacher.
You have so much oil on your face, the US wants to invade it.
I usually love Wookies, but you are just a bummer, dude.
Okay but you gotta put the bag back on if you want my dick to be
But your face is not, nor will it ever be.
You look like a frying pan after I cook bacon
Someone took an attractive girl, inflated her head by 20%, and prevented her from ever washing her face again. 
You should really consider not rubbing bacon grease on your face every morning.
I bet most of your friends are cats and books.
You misspelled greasy..
Ready for a nuru massage without adding the gel?
Ready, I don't know. But definitely ripe.
you look like Bea from Fish Hooks 
[deleted]
I am having the hardest time figuring out which way you are transitioning 
ready...for butter?
oily greasy skin with pimples,  your birth control pills are coming home to roost
Your mustache is filling out nicely.
Plastic surgeon wouldn't risk his license trying to do something with this train wreck. Your best option now is to claim you are inbetween genders.
I like how your nail polish matches your personality
Looks more like your body is well done
To forgo the touch of a man until the day you die?
Your body might, but the face could use a little more bondo
A little late for hibernation isn't it?
America invaded middle east for far lesser oil than what's on your face
Mine isn't.
Your body may be ready, but mankind isn't. Every single human being has enough self respect to skip you
Looks like the bitch Kermit cheated on
Looks like the before photo for a proactive commercial
You look like you came out medium rare. 
Your boyfriend most probably lubricated the wrong head.
To start a face washing regimen?
but your make up isn't
I would HAPPILY use up the Hydrogen Peroxide in my house to remove the volcanos on your face
So's your mustache
Do you line your hairline up? That's fucked up
You can't use bacon grease to get rid of acne.
Mr Maruka.. Help!
You don't *roast* a pizza, you bake it.
But the face is not.
"My body is ready" Did it tell your face?
And I thought Michelle Williams was doing ok.
How do your kids feel when they hear you taking it from the entire school Robotics Club.
Helen Keller could read your face.
Your body is ready? Your face looks like a hot and ready pizza
Your hair transplant doesn't look like its rejecting at all.
Exactly how many times has your dad beat you as a child? 100? 200?
Who puts a wig on pizza?...... Really?
[deleted]
If you want to dress up as Miss Piggy for Halloween all you have to do is cover up your acne.
Too bad your face isn't 
Your body isn't ready because you can't do make up properly
Why why why would you do this to yourself.
my body isnt
By God you're greasy.
Maybe stop washing your face with  little Caesars pizza?
Holy cow! Does your pussy run on biodiesel?
You're a catch. I can wipe my dick on your face to lube up my cock for your asshole.
Your hairline certainly doesn't think so..... It's running away.
When those fat guys from craigslist said "Prepare your body" you didn't have to lube your entire face too
TIL [Rocky Dennis](https://i.imgur.com/VsyPQwX.jpg) had a daughter.
So of texting a pizza emoji to Domino's they should just text a picture of your face.
The crater impact face where makeup and acne medication has decided to go for something more realistic to repair and does not need a snowballs chance of a divine intervention to clear that oozing cesspool of a nightmare to salvage !!