You're the IT department, so it's no surprise you're a bunch of ones and zeroes. 
that guy looks like broccoli 
Every kid picked last in gym class formed their own team, coached by Dennis Ramadan down there
The Never Bang Theory.
You expect us to believe you're IT without a single Indian or morbidly obese guy in an ironic t-shirt?   Nice try virgins, go back to the chess club.
I can almost smell the BO through my monitor. 
It's so great your school has an affirmative action program for virgins.
You guys look like you are so low on the social totem pole, the LARP kids kick your asses and take your lunches
[deleted]
I count 4 rapists and 2 future school shooters. The broccoli is both.
the only party they've ever been invited to was a LAN party.  
Total number of consensual sexual encounters: 0  Total number of sexual encounters: 7  Touch your chin if you're the rapist.   
Your Chia Pet is growing nicely 
Why is his afro mouldy?
Jerking off to world or war craft together dosent make you the IT guys
Do you all have your own sex doll,  or do you share one? 
That's a bunch of trying to be cool going on there. "Hey, let's post to /r/roastme, make sure to wear your coolest clothes! Hey, vaguely ethnic guy, could you dye your hair?"
TIL Anti bullying support groups don't enforce chromosome limits.
Flannel: "Don't screw this up. This is the best chance you're going to get to bond with the bros."  Polo: "In a couple days I'm going to take retake this photo... after rigamortis has set in."  Van Halen: "I'm actually super gay."  Black shirt: "I wonder if I put my arm on this guy I'll look more comfortable."  Sweater: "You done fucked up now."  Green: "Look at my squad! Were going to get so much ass when we go public."  Yamaka Beanie: "I actually like living in my van."
The one holding the sign is totally jerking it on camera
It's like One Direction, if that direction was down.
Is the Broccoli organic? 
the Special Ed version of The Breakfast Club
I bet you 7 run through tube-socks faster then the entire basketball team
And here we observe, the wild nerd, in it's natural habitat. They move in small herds to protect themselves against rejection they may face from any and all women. Shhh be quiet, you might startle them, they arent ready for social interaction just yet.
I bet you guys share porn
Future Best Buy Geek Squad
From left 1: Thanks for helping me through the Labyrinth. Fuck David Bowie, amirite? 2: You look like you poke people for fun. 3: At least this troll doll knows his place is beneath everyone else. 4: You look like a superhero with cancer. 5: Looks like your come on is working... 6: Please just fuck 5 already. 7: The others are all scared of you. It's mostly the smell.
All surprisingly single
Please for the love of god tell me that's a troll costume. 
That's quite a pile of sperm stained gym socks. 
Wtf why the fuck is a stalk of broccoli in the picture?
[deleted]
Oh man, where do I start? Left to right: 1) Your nerdcore T-shirt isn't hiding your fat rolls, and you just gave the dude in the pink shirt chipped beef from blowing him with those braces. 2) You look like you watch Silicon Valley and intentionally ripped off Big Head's style. Also, you're not amused by the toothy blowjob #1 just gave you. 3) You read a book on how to be a pick-up artist and think your hair is helping you peacock, which it isn't. Ever wonder why the only people you've been inside are the dudes in this picture?  4) You look like the villain from No Country for Old Men with a Justin Bieber wig, and I'm willing to bet you couldn't name 3 Van Halen songs without Googling you poser. 5) You've been dead inside since you were 4 and your Mom's boyfriend decided you had a pretty mouth. You're the one that the rest of the group picks on. 6) Your Downs Syndrome and compulsive masturbation aren't correlated but that doesn't stop you from using your retardation as an excuse to touch yourself in front of your friends.  7) You're the dumb one that the other guys helped pass the IT tests. In exchange, you secure the roofies and Diet Zima for your "wicked crazy" sausage parties. You don't believe in showering more than once a week (it wastes water, guys...) and smell like Lisa Lampanelli's pussy. 
I didn't know they taught classes on how to be school shooters
This a picture of redtubes top 10 users.
Great job building a Chia Android. Time for you guys to get some sun and pussy.
Tbh I would have dated a lot of you guys when I was younger.     Man, I did some dumb shit when I was younger. 
I didn't realize until now that it was possible to get the entire autism spectrum in one picture.
Jesus christ
If abstinence were a sport, your team would go to nationals.
Nice chia pet. 
You couldn't get a guy OR a girl on craigslist to touch you without paying an extra couple thousand
A bunch of fruits with some broccoli in the middle, you made every vegan on reddit turn back to meateaters.
seems like you people put in real effort to stay virgins
Here we have The Averageners. A semi-retarded group of "heroes" whose powers consists of premature ejaculation and solving a rubik's cube in less than one minute.  
The IT Crowd is a good show, but the dude in front's taken his Moss costume in the wrong direction  And Jesus, has the guy with the sign just brought himself to orgasm through his ~~boxers~~ y-fronts?
I bet each one of you has a girl for a best friend.
Somewhere in the afterlife, a Muslim suicide bomber is wondering why he only has 65 virgins.
This is why there are no girls in STEM 
imagine dying for your God and these were the virgins you see in heaven
To the guy with the green hair Ch...Ch...Ch...CHIA.
You're a bitch, guy in the gray sweater
Didn't know that there's a meeting for school shooters...
Left to right.  1. [Jaws.](http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2014/09/11/article-2751414-21415D6B00000578-45_634x847.jpg)  2. Pocket full of roofies.  3. Favorite show is The Office.  4. Next up on School Shooters!  5. Just discovered LSD.  Quite possibly shit himself.  6. Intentionally sits in public playing awful acoustic guitar.  7. [Self portrait.](http://bed56888308e93972c04-0dfc23b7b97881dee012a129d9518bae.r34.cf1.rackcdn.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/310_square/broccoli.jpg)
To the guy who is holding the roast me sign. You look like Buzz Light year with Down syndrome 
You guys look like an IT class.
life has obviously been cruel enough to you guys already, i don't want to push you guys to pull a columbine or anything
The guy holding the sign looks like if Ricky Gervais was even *more* of a cunt
You guys posted in the year book, as "Least likely to ever lose their virginity"
the awkward nerd quotient is off the charts
dude holding the sign looks like hes got a [raging clue](https://imgur.com/76vJPta)
0100000100100000011000100111010101 1011100110001101101000001000000110 1111011001100010000001101100011011 1101110011011001010111001001110011
All of you guys would be in the IT class
Starting from the right:    The Stoner. The Virgin. The Foreign Virgin. The Frisbee Guy. Green Goblin. Young Kevin Spacey from Se7en. And Fat Judd Nelson.
Nice to see they're still making chia pets
You guys put the word "attractive" in IT Department
The kid in the red looks like he's waiting to hit the send button and blow you all to smithereens 
the geek with the brown pants if feeling for the memory chips
You look like you think you're the "cool" IT kids
I hope the guy in red has killed you all by now
Your most used IT phrase is *shut down*.
Red shirt looks like the Boston Bomber
I thought it was a class picture for School Shooting 101...
Why does a Leper colony need IT?
I was going to say something but I got distracted by the real cabbage patch kid.
Which one is the only one who's gotten a kiss this year from a girl who was so wasted she didn't even know her own name? 
Guessing the class is so small is because you scared the others away
That kid is a real life chia pet
It looks like you're all about to gang bang a piece of broccoli.
You guys are so uncool that your token brown guy has taken to preparing himself green-screen his way out of being photographed with any of you. 
The one holding the Roast Me paper looks like Johnny Knoxville with Down's Syndrome. And he's the eye candy.
Your department must really be suffering if you've got a Chia pet on programming duty.
Loving the chia pet, where'd you get it?
The League of Ordinary Gentlemen    *who also happen to be extraordinary virgins*
Your handwriting level is probably the same number as the amount of times you've been laid.
Look at that, they have a Chia Pet. 
Don't sully the word "class" by calling yourselves that.  You are the IT "trash".
Wow I think this is the first time I've seen a bunch of sperm the woman wish she swallowed. 
I didn't know broccoli could use computers
That's an ugly chia pet you got there
IT class. All white. All male. All virgins. Keep breaking those stereotypes, guys. 
Every one of you is going to be hated by you initial coworkers until you become jaded enough to be grownups.   Green hair down there will last two days before a user makes him cry and drive off a cliff.
Wow, a lossy compressed photo of nerds, it makes it look like you could not lose-less - apart from you dignity.
Who the fuck invited Brock Lee down there?
Do all of you jizz on the Chia pet head to make it grow? 
Who shrunk Jack White's face?
Broccoli man there is just asking for it
Tell the Oompa Loompa to get his ass back to the factory.
Nice to see IT is expanding into Science with that mould experiment on the bottom guy's head.
I've seen this time and time again. Only betas pose together in a group for a roast. Man up, pussies. 
Dressed up for Halloween as the cast of a horrible 90's nick at night show that never made it. 
It looks like the island of misfit toys now has some human aditions. 
You guys seem nice enough.  I like your plant too. 
Just when I thought the hair couldn't get worse, the bottom half of the image loaded. 
You're the reason women women don't want to study STEM
The last time any of you saw a vagina, was the day you were born
I didn't know they were making a live action Veggie Tales movie
Its a real life chia pet.
Guy in the green shirt makes clocks for fun, right?
I hope you don't think going to school for IT will actually make you anything more then an idiot who learned decades old information which makes you guys even more irrelevant then you already were
This looks like a good start to a leprechaun bukake. 
Looks like a picture used for suicide awareness ads 
6 inches of collective dick 
broccoli head is my fav
These are the coolest kids their moms know!
IT? You certainly have the "turn-off" part down pat.
/r/theredpill mods
I didn't realize TehNoobShows adaptation of Guthix was based on a real person.
Your department is Al Qaeda's vision of heaven: virgins
Afroturf
None of you will ever see a naked woman in person, by her own volition