Your parents must have been fucking on the motorway when you were conceived, that's where most accidents happen.
Your earlobes curl up like cooked bacon.
You can just tell this guy's dad looks like a pedo
Man Fogle's accomplice takes the stand
Semi retarded Robin Williams, I wish you had died instead.
Someone tell this guy to sit the f*ck down, he will never be the man his mother is.
[My reaction when seeing this picture](http://i.imgur.com/LasMqD3.png)
Did one of his eyebrows eat the other one?
I get the feeling that this guys father likes small children.
Are you trying to grow a beard or did you spill the jar of pubes your dad keeps under his bed since you turned 12 all over your face?
Mr Potato Head?
I heard that jay from the inbetweeners was donating those used tissues to the sperm bank but this is just wrong.
Ah sir, there is an age limit and all convicted pedophiles are forbidden from posting.....  move along, before we call the authorities on you,.
You're so ugly your hair line is running away from your camera.
What did you get your sister for Mother's Day?
I'm sorry to see you only have three fingers on your hand, I guess that's what you get for trying to finger f%ck a fan on Valentine's Day, you filthy slt.
Perfect paper placement to hide a bearded neck.
I find it oddly amusing that the last five generations of your family only consists of three family members, you twisted f(_)ck!
You were obviously under the impression whilst posting this that roasting involved you and an intimate session with other men pretending you are a pig on a spot roast.
Why did the chicken cross the road...?  To see the idiot.  This is idiot.
Once upon a time, this guys parents met and f%cked then this happened. Moral of the story... Condoms are free from your local clinic kids.
If this guy even thought about touching my perfectly seasoned breasts I would sue. There is nothing cheeky about him. He does not deserve the euphoric sensation of devouring me with a smidgen of my special sauce left on the corner of his mouth.Wouldn't even let him munch on my thigh. 
This guy looks like he used to have a pipe in the corner of his mouth. Did that leave you too like everyone you love because they can't stand to look at you ? 
When I look at those eyes, I see a man. A man with that look in his eyes, a look of despair. You knew you were going to be roasted and yet you still went on to post this picture. You brave, brave man. Now! Let the roasting begin you disgusting motherl0ver.