You look like you're in the awkward stage between hitting puberty and figuring out you're gay.
I'd probably still be willing to fuck her if she waxed her mustache. 
Not the best Caitlyn Jenner Halloween costume, but it'll do.
Guys, it's not cool to mock a breast cancer survivor
You look like forty year old insurance salesman on casual Friday. 
Wrong pic OP.  This is obviously a F-&gt;M in transition.
You probably feel the need to tell people "real men wear pink" to justify your actions to people who don't give a shit about anything you do. And don't worry. I'm sure that "fedora Friday" thing you've been trying to push will catch on eventually. 
You look like a retired Russian woman figure skater. 
You look like a junior republican senator from Ohio
You're a 14 year old with a receding hairline...all the chicks in the "special" class must be lining up for a piece of that.
Is that.... is that an attempted Hitler dirtlip?
This man wants to be Connor Nelson so bad
You look like you're gonna grow up to be Kip from Napoleon Dynamite. Give Lafawnduh my best
I can't tell if your an awkward teen or a middle aged man. 
Lena Dunham finally wiped the smug pretentious look from her face
I can fucking surf in your hair.
If the pink shirt and girl's haircut were supposed to distract us from the huge forehead you should know it's not working.
"HI!  I wear pink shirts for a reason..."
Did you copy your an eyebrow and photoshop it on you upper lip?
i think /r/SwordOrSheath is integrating with this sub... 
You didn't think it was weird that your cancer drugs were chewable? No!  Little kids get cancer!  Aww, they do...
It's like 1980 Tony Hawk had a chubby lesbian sister.
You're going to grow up to be Pat, the camp counselor from Heavyweights - https://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2014/02/Heavyweights_Pat.jpg
Your hair screams Bon Jovi, but your face screams child molester. 
You look like what someone who's unsure of their sexuality masturbates to in order to avoid having to make a decision. 
It's so weird seeing pictures of john wayne gacy as a kid.
You look like Saul Goodman's gay son if he knocked up the help.
You're like neville longbottom before the 5th movie
He's wearing a pink shirt.  Nuff said.
How can you have that much hair and STILL look like you're balding? 
half your head looks like its got a combover, while the other half looks like a middle aged man with a receding hair line 
He looks like miss piggys vagina if Kermit the frog had herpes
This young lady is desperately attempting to grow a mustache in order to promote female to male equality.
"Tough guys wear pink"  Yeah keep tellin yourself that
If Even Steven raped Michael Cera, this would be the surviving abortion.
In 5 years you'll be a sex offender, I guarantee it
Moses led the Jews across your fucking head
Puberty walked up to you, gave you a once over, and then said "I'll draw on a mustache and call it good." 
You have the forehead of a 50 year old bald man, to go with the mustache of a pedophile.   God must have been trying to make himself laugh.
If only your upper lip could donate some of the hair from your sorry excuse for a mustache to your prematurely receding hairline..
Someone already roasted this kid's hairline away
The best part is, I'd be able to flip you over and pretend you're a girl.
With the Hitler mustache you got going on there your probably already have the means to roast yourself.
You look like you own multiple pairs of crocs.
It must be hard being a lesbian in high school. 
Drake Bell really let himself go
You have that almond haircut smh
I'm not making fun lf you, I bet you're super hot in your heels and tight dress.  Lemme get us a couple of drinks. 
Even the pedo community rejects you
Why is he wearing two wigs?
It's great to see Pat again after all these years
After your cellmates find out about your statutory charges, your left eye won't be the only thing drooping.
Give it another year. Your balls will drop eventually.
You look like a Mexican chick
You look like an even gayer Angus T Jones. 
This is the guy who sat at the losers table during lunch but considered himself much cooler than everyone else there. If he really wanted to, he thought, he could sit at the cool table. 