Offering me a bj for insulting you? Do I look like your father?   Edit: looks like this guy is just posting different people he works with or knows to have roasted. Op not actually pictured. 
Can I save my comment and just pay the $15 like everyone else?
[deleted]
Best comment gets herpes
No one else comment! I never had a bj from a trans person before.
Are you giving away blowjobs on Reddit because you've already sucked every dick in town or because they all shot you down?
No thanks. 
If anyone wins, they lose.
I pretty sure you will give everyone who comments a BJ. 
Hoe Kravitz.
As long as you wear a paper bag over your head while you do it.
....pass, I'll just go to the junkie with meth mouth down the street. She's probably cleaner. 
So who's gonna take the bullet being top comment ?
It's sad that you have to go to /r/roastme to try and find someone who would accept a bj from you. 
&gt;Best comment gets a bj  No, thanks.
Stop painting on your eyebrows and grow some like a real woman
Do you practice on your sausage fingers?
The offering of your mouth and the backwards notice tells me everything you got going for yourself.
As long as you put a bag over your head and hide that dick of yours
Medusa in da hood. 
Hmm. Nah i'm fine.
Your hair looks like a mop spray painted black.
I already feel bad for whoever wins this contest
You are the result of when parents don't take their time
Let's be honest, you'll give the blowjob, best comment or not.
Your post has been removed by /u/SimplifyEUW for violating our subreddits rules, if you have an issue with the removal please send the aforementioned moderator a message.    Roastees:  1. You must provide at least one high-quality picture of the roastee holding a sign with the text /r/RoastMe  2. Do not put hate speech or slurs in your roast title.  3. You may post on behalf of other people, provided that everyone appears in the verification photo described in rule #1.  4. Your post will not appear until after it has been approved by a moderator. Please send us a message if this takes longer than 30 minutes.  5. The minimum posting age is thirteen-years-old, your post will be rejected if you look younger.  I am a [bot](http://i.imgur.com/Ubhpwlg.jpg); I do not remove posts and I will not respond to replies, I am only here to inform you that a moderator has taken action. If I'm not working properly or you have any questions about the bot you can message my owner [here](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=kaltsoldat)
You can't even paint your fingernails correctly. With that lack of attention to detail, ain't no way you're coming anywhere near the vicinity of my johnson.
Someone inform the authorities that a graverobber dug up Amy Winehouse
You are the reason why I wake up everyday being glad that I am gay.
Remember that any one of these comments could be from your dead beat dad that ran out and left you with your crack addled mother. No matter how good you suck his dick he's still going to bounce before you've had time to wipe the jizz off your face.
Can I please have the cash prize equivalent.
Though I'd love a bj, if your nails are filed to points and you look vaguely Draculean, I can only imagine that your teeth are pointy too.
I'll take the BJ as long as the horse that's sitting on top of your head gets put to the stable first. 
Only if it has had its annual STD's shots from the local clinic and records from that clinic to prove it !!
Ole lookin like Drake as a trans lookin ass 
Post history checks out 
Trying to get some easy practice so you don't dissapoint your stepfather again?
Then I won't comment. I don't want a bj from someone with fangs. Oh, wait...
What was your brother preoccupied?
Pass, Im not into trannies. 
You are the more manly Tranny between you and Catlyn.
Your blowjobs obviously aren't good enough to get you back stage passes to the Norah jones concert. Why not try casting couch? 
Second best comment has to actually fuck her. It only gets worse from there.
Not really interested in getting a BJ from Bob Marley.
No thanks, don't want to be blown be a horse.
The high-school football team must have an away game this week. 
Discount Kim Kardashian. 
Tony the Tiger in a Rastafarian rig is not my cup of tea.
Do I have to return the favor?  Because I don't think my thumb would fit in your ass
fam ur head game is probably weak anyways
So, i'm just gonna sit this one out fellas 
Eat shit op this girl isn't even you. Mod can you check out his profile 
I wish I had been here before, but I was as absent as your fatherfigure so couldnt comment on this until now
Does it have to be from you or can I pick a pretty girl?
s/o to op for motivating niggas to give it their all 
Does the second best comment get anal?
Black girl lips on a white tanning bed tanned face.  eh  
So yeah i guess noones gonna be really trying today 
Nah man i'd rather pass...something your dad shouldve done when he had the chance!
You look like the kind of slut who would get a tatoo of an arrow pointing to your vagina and above the arrow you would have "boner garage" above the arrow. 
Get used to doling out blowjobs, sweetheart, it's the only way you'll ever have any success in life.
This is probably something you do on weekly basis. 
No thanks
You look like you will literally blow on a dick like you blow out candles on a birthday cake. Since your parents obviously never loved you, you'll have to google why candles go on birthday cake.
*deliberately tries not to be best comment*
as if anyone's had to try that hard before
...and worst comment gets a bj, everyone gets a bj, as long as you've got $2..
I'm not saying she's a slut...  but she's been banged more times than the first pipe on Flappy Bird and the "I" in Pixar combined.
You sure a bj is what you do?? Your lips definitely say "blowjob approved". However, your eyes say "choke me and cum in my ass".
Thanks for the offer, but I'll have to pass.
You must be desperate to get dick. 
Nah thanks rather not get AIDS
Forget bj, don't even like that fake pussy.
Fuck you, I just want my bj.
I know girls like you... That BJ is going to be filled with disappointment and molars.
I could use a good Bro Job
[deleted]
If you give anyone a blowjob it will look like a floating bush is bouncing on their crotch. It'll feel like it too.
It would have more teeth than a sharks mouth.
If its coming from you, ill pass. Do not upvote.  
Bet the lips would feel like silk around my cock
Girls like you are the reason I will abort all female children. 