You look like you would fake committing suicide just to get someone to notice you.
Is there a way your bangs could cover more of your face?
That 25% White look you have is from the American soldier who gave your hungry and naive grandmother a few dollars and some food to temporarily elevate her from her desperate third world war zone life, before he took off and she was forever dishonored by the rest of her family. Today, she works as a urinal cleaner in the Tokyo subway and you're putting your family into massive debt just so you can selfishly ~~study abroad~~ sleep around at an American university.
I'm sure she gets lots of validations from strangers working on the cheapest sex hotline where she currently stands.
red nail polish is not a substitute for a personality
I've never seen someone rock a long bowl cut before. 
Parking validation is the best you can hope for I'm afraid.
Typical Basic Bitch..the validation of a pat on the head after you blow some strange not enough.
Basic Bitch Seeks Validation of Picasso more like. What the hell happened - did somebody step on your head as a baby?
Are you growing your bangs out long enough to be the veil for the wedding you'll never have?
Zooey deschanel's retarded half-sister.
Shouldn't you be out ordering a caramel macchiato to wash away the taste from blowing your boss under his desk?
You better start training for a maid job with a face like that 
Not sure if you have that lazy Forest Whitaker eye or partial down syndrome. Either tell your left eye to get a job or start collecting disability.
29/10/15 could also be your rates for massage/release/tip
Basic bitches are cute.  You're off brand.
What are you looking at? Your Pumpkin Spice Latte?
How do you like working at the "Massage Parlor"?
You look like you wonder why people say you don't ever need a Halloween costume
Wild guess: your family tree has a ton of round-abouts and U-turns.
the atomic bomb dropped by the Americans sure messed up your genes
You aren't up to the level of basic bitch.   Get back to working on MAD TV.  "He looka like you, he looka like a man"
Did your girlfriend punch your left cheek
basic implies you're higher than a 7. you're at least lemon juice / 10
If you could look real close and concentrate , you can see that tiny tip of something that looks like rice hiding in her top of her hair  , you lice infested oozing putrid sub-basic bitch  !!