All brown everything. You're so boring even your right eye is trying to make a getaway.
You look like you recycle bath water.
How's the cult going?
You can't be within 5 miles of a school, playground or chuckie cheese can you?
You look like the kind of guy people are friendly to in the work place after a terrorist attack
[deleted]
you're suitable for one job by the looks of you, luckily the Night's Watch is always hiring 
"Yes, I'm stranded on a remote island..you've probably never heard of it."
You look like a pedophile
You are the Jihad Jack Black.
Goes to the soup kitchen for most meals "because they have really good salami."
I'm betting you spend most days trawling 4Chan for Cheese Pizza 
[deleted]
your hairline ran away straight to your chin
You'd have a future career in the Islamic Caliphate as a suicide bomber if you didn't explode prematurely all the time
Charles Manson's Son?  That's a stretch!  Of course, diddling little kids is pretty sick too.
You look like the crazy preacher from Deadwood.
I feel like your genes mixed up where pubes go.  Do your balls have a full beard? 
You probably thought that beard would get you laid. Wrong.
"Cool" youth pastor who beats his wife and tries to cop sly feels of the kids in youth group. Boys *and* girls.
You write "collecting firewood" for prior work experience on job applications 
"why does he always go to fancy dress parties as 'rapey-jesus'?" "Cos...well...y'know..." "He's christian?" "No dude! He's a rapist..."
And....you gave another meaning for Code Brown ....still shit nonetheless
You look like an REI employee who is experiencing latent effects from Chernobyl. 
I know this is over used but seriously your beard looks like pubes 
Good to see the Burger King's still alive.
You look like a white Osama Bin Ladin. 
Grizzly Adams and Action Man had a baby - then it had a stroke.
How much gorilla glue did you use to stick yer bush on your face?
"I see what you did there. And also over there."
You glued all your pubes on your face 
You look like you were raised by Osama bin ladin and a pedophile 
Your family needs to do an intervention. Your Cat Stevens obsession is tearing them apart.
Shave the pubes off your face.
What does this guy's face, and my index and middle finger have in common?  After a good night, both tend to walk away covered in pubes...   At least I have the decency to clean up before returning to my mom's basement.
if jesus and art garfunkle had a baby it would look like this guy
You look like you could be on silence of the lambs and you stole your hair from a Hindu and your beard from a black guy 
You look like the love child of Lil Dicky and the guy from Epic Meal Time.  No talent and destined only to get fatter every year.
You look like someone who can't watch Yogi Bear anymore without getting hard at the site of Boo Boo
No amount of facial hair can discuise the fact you are an insecure faggot