"Hey teacher- just hold this piece of paper for me okay?"   "What's it for"  "Oh nothing.  Don't worry, it's cool.  Just want to take your picture."   This teacher in the picture has no idea you've put him up here, does he? 
At least you'll never have to worry about the temptation of teenage girls coming on to you. 
He looks like that one teacher who rests his crotch on students shoulders. 
Nothing to roast. You look like a cool guy
Fuck you. You're an asshole for posting someone on here who isn't yourself.
You look like you try to be the hip, rad teacher by wearing skull ties, black skull socks and drive a scooter to work. 
I'd rather roast the kids in the back wearing shorts, shirt and tie, and tennis shoes. WHAT'RE THOOOOSEEEE???
If the contents of your computer were seized by the authorities, you would no longer be an English teacher.
If only the little boy in his basement was here we could make the movie up
"Yes, Mr Henderson, your tie makes you young and cool."   "Yes, Mr Henderson, you're very handsome."  "Yes, Mr Henderson, you're super funny and I like you, just like all the other girls in class."  "Mr Henderson?"  "Can you untie me?"
He must get told not to engage the students physically a lot.
That Halloween outfit is pretty scary.    You pull off a good child-rapist.
so old thought the skull tie just continued up to your face 
"Look, I'm the cool teacher! I'm wearing a skull tie!"  How often do you offer to "tutor" the cheerleaders?
You're the reason why school shootings occur.
Is that what you tell all the new boys in your class?
That is the tie of a guy who will fuck up your future and bathe in your tears.
He looks like he has no idea I just slept through his entire lecture.
Is this the real Ken Henry?
"Im the teacher who needs to be cool with the kids because my class is really bad"
You look like you give homework out just before holiday breaks and then complain when all your students come back with half of it finished.
Another out of touch "cool tie" wearing teacher. 
Oh, Lord, this man's whole head really out here looking like a ball sack. Out here looking like he go tie shopping at Hot Topic. So childish, yo. This man old as shit, y'all. I bet he lowkey the most bomb ass English teacher of all time, cause we all know his old ass around when the language was invented. 
I bet you try to stay up to date on hip lingo like "boy you clownin" and "jennifer, could you stay after class and sit on my face?"
Are you sure you're a teacher and not the Fat Camp counselor, just ask the Hamburglar in the back.
Yeah, I'm sure this poor guy knows exactly why you took that picture of him.
A shop teacher that used a paedophile to make a "small hole bigger". 
I'd try to roast you, but anyone who has to feels like he has to appeal to students by wearing a skull tie has probably already been thoroughly burned by the game of life.
"Hey guys, did I ever show you all the pictures of my three cats?" - You
Step 1: Roast me  Step 2: Get accused of boning your students  Step 3: Contact mods  Step 4: Profit
He still has his tie from the white trash package he bought when he was younger. 
you definitely jerk off while your wife get gangbanged by urban hoodlums
You seem like you would drive a Honda motorcycle because you can't afford Harley Davidson