Damn Jericho, first your tooth leaves you now your hairline is disappearing quicker than people's interest in you.
Thank God you went with a haircut that draws attention to your giant forehead.
Looks like we need to deflate your face first...
Such a youthful haircut on such an old looking face. Looks like Benjamin Button had a love child with a skinny version of Kathy Bates
You could fit all 950,000 of your Youtube subscribers on your forehead.
I could've made it past Episode 3.
Consider yourself lucky the chemo didn't take your hair. 
Deflate your ego? You might want to deflate your forehead first, shits bigger than your entire youtube career.
Firefox doesn't love you. 
I think I can see the female reproductive system in your face.
You have the body and face of someone mid-way through a gender transition- an overly-estrogenized man, or a woman who just takes testosterone. Hell, your girlfriend looks like more of a man than you do.  Your voice is so grating that it could shred cheese.  Judging by your shit gameplay and the fact that you're a Ravens fan, you must get off on losing at everything.  Your nose is so large that it has its own gravitational pull.   You should wear Gunnars and Astros all the time- they help distract from the fact that your face looks like someone ran it over with a Ford F-150.  That hairstyle screams "look at my receding hairline!"  There's terrible gamers, there's gamers who are just plain trash, and then there's gamers who die on episode three of a Minecraft series.  
Your face looks like it's reflected in the back of a spoon
You look like someone I'd date. 
do you need to wear a backpack full of bricks to keep your nose from destabilizing your entire body
You should be asking us to deflate that forehead.
Your face reminds me of silly putty after you press it against a newspaper 
LOOL jericho you legend &lt;3
Boy or girl?
So when are those eye brows going to turn into butterflys?
quality fivehead.
wait. that's fucking jerico. I CAN'T 
Nobody told me Heathrow moved to your fucking forehead. 
You need to move your nose out of the way so that we can actually see the rest of your face 
Saul from Breaking Bad's bastard child.
You're so salty, I got high blood pressure just from looking at you.   I know 10 year olds that play CS:GO better than you. 
I bet you have the kind of skin that turns pink after the first slap... Amirite?
Nasa thought about launching sattelites on your forehead, but decide all that extra space would be a waste  
You'll have to deflate that forehead before we get anything done around here
I really thought this was a semi cute nerdy emo girl in the thumbnail 
Your hair and pale skin makes you look like you try to hard to impres girls. No wonder you're single
Don't even need to roast, the hairline is enough
you look like you smell like pee
Maybe we should deflate your sex doll instead of your ego.
I hope you find the cunt that stole your ears.
Nose too big, eyes too wide, eyebrows are shit. 0/10 wouldn't bang
You're going bald
You have a huge gap between your eyes and your face is lop sided
You look like a Finding Nemo character
You have a career as a forehead model.
Your last name is Boner because it's the only way someone mentions sexual attraction around you.
the only thing more annoying than your voice is looking at your face
He looks like his dad's a pug 
Im gay and this made me straight.
Dear Tucker: you look like you got photo shopped by a 7th grader. I could probably land a commercial airline on your forehead and your starting to decay and fall apart as your life moves on, its all downhill from here 
I have no idea how that little tiny pencil-neck supports that massive, ugly head.  You like a cross between Cris Collinsworth and one of those unpronounceable diseases from the back of a medical book
you have a face only your mother could love, or a Priest as he slowly gets his cock out for you, guessing thats why your teeth are white anyway...
Why is their an arsehole in your cheek?
That smile looks as fake as Sonja's love for you
You should've posted on /r/plasticsurgery to ask for inflating your shoulders
You look like your face is always pressed up against a glass window
You look like the guy who will always go with the flow. People will tell you what to do and you will follow suit. If somebody annoys you or makes you angry you will not say a word.