Behold, the Filipino Navy.
Seppuku day for his dad 
Now you can get rejected by both genders.
I'll say it. What the fuck is wrong with his legs?
"Everyone thinks I dressed up for Halloween. Truth is, I just have to go to my lady-boy convention right after school."
Going as the same thing as last year, hopeless virgin.
At least you have the right body type for the outfit.  I've seen babies with more muscle tone.
Not even tentacles would touch this one.
Sailor Moon might have a gaping crater back there later today
Oh look, one of the Sailor Scout rejects.
taking bets on how long before he starts putting eels in his butt 
You prob look better in girl clothing than male clothing...
I thought you said it was dress up day. Why is he wearing his regular clothes to school?
thats shopped, no way that huge head belongs to that petite girly body
He claims it's a joke, but he really dances in front of a mirror every night in this outfit.  
You look like you got kidnapped from a foreign country to entertain the troops
"Roast me like one of your French girls, Jack"
You think you're funny and everyone likes you but you're actually that kid everyone feels sorry for.
Damn, I didn't know Esquelito from Nacho Libre was into Sailor Moon cosplay..
His disappointed father is just waiting to beat him with a slide sandal.
No...senpai won't notice you
Senpai does NOT notice you
Nuking Japan twice clearly wasn't enough. 
No it wasn't 
Dress up day my ass, this was his last attempt to try and get laid, but it still didn't work. Sorry buddy, try again next queer.
Chimney sweeps Q-tip + girls sailor outfit = vomit
He forgot to dress up
Your zettai ryoiki is shit tier
Lemme guess your an auto mechanic?
Your teeth are like a xylophone,  bigger on the left and gradually gets smaller to the right
you're a cute girl, but people are going to think you're a guy... just be prepared.
What do you mean he? 
Do you teach English or how to get away with being a sex offender?
So, how long has this outfit been waiting to come out of your closet and when do you plan to come out?
So do we call you Sailor? 
The real life sailor moon ladyboy.
If astronomers discovered a planetoid made entirely of old dog cum, you would be Sailor Old Dog Cum Planet
This is why I stopped watching sailor moon.
Is this before or after the bukkake party
It's not your fault Japan chose you 
"Two dollahs, Sailor boy? I treat you good for 2 dollahs!"   
Why didn't he dress up then?
Dress up as your dad when the Navy comes to town?
The Weaboo is strong in this one.
Ah nice a Bruce Jenner oriental cosplay! Original!
You look like you're ready to take an anal pounding from a blurred dick 
Youre supposed to dress up, not wear your every day clothes.
Ochinchin o tabemasu ka? 
Probably shouldn't wear a white shirt. Makes it really easy to guess the last time you brushed those gigantic pearly yellows. Not recently.
Bruce Popeye Lee and the Game of Spinach
It doesn't get better. 
He is going to get spit roasted by the janitorial staff later.  