I want to plot exponential growth and decay on your hairline.
The only thing higher than your hairline is your placement on the autism spectrum.
You moved to that school because the aliens in Area 51 made fun of you, didn't they?
I couldn't destroy you worse than you destroyed your mom coming out, brainiac.
Its a special blend of dobby the house elf and that weird brainiac kid from The Middle. If I give you a sock will you leave... forever... please?
80 pounds and counting! Keep it up!
In a couple years you're going to come out as gay. Then you're going to join the Army. You're going to give tons of confidential e-mails to Wikileaks, and change your name to Chelsea. 
You look like a strike anywhere match
I can't, I would feel bad roasting someone with fetal alcohol syndrome.
how's your parent's therapy going? 
Your nickname should be Pythagoras because your head is a triangle.
Six more dips in the gene pool skippy
You look like dobby had  sex with a leprechaun
By the size of his arms the next sign he's gonna hold will say "enlist in the skeleton war today"
TIMMY!!!
Could make a second person out of all those extra chromosomes
normally i tell people life gets better when you get older, but if you look like the last 15 minutes of Benjamin Button now, i don't know man. 
I am surprised natural selection didn't already 
I can't say anything worse than what life has in store.
You look like an old Jewish man who is going undercover at a high school
How was Auschwitz? 
Someone get this kid a hamburger Jesus fuck.
Life's been cruel enough to you and your parents already. Hope they weren't looking for grandchildren.
It looks like someone tried to clone Clay Aiken, saw how bad they fucked it up and threw it away, yet it survived.
You look like Jimmy Neutron with Progeria.
God damn mister McKay has a kid. Stay away from weed or your head'll inflate and fly away mmkay
You look like you need an umbrella to walk outside in the sun 
A paler, scrawnier, dorkier looking Malcolm Gladwell.
I bet you can guess the difference between you and a shoe...
You look like Mort from Family Guy, that's all.