I have an idea.   How about you and whoever helped you post this stop downvoting everyone in this thread.  People are finding flaws in your appearance.  You're fucking stupid to have thought they wouldn't.    Unfortunately, now that you're downvoting everyone who is posting here, I'm finding a lot more than superficial flaws.  Your insecurity is going to get you into an abusive 5 year relationship before he inevitably ends up dragging you out of the back of his 88' Ford Ranger and leaving you on the sidewalk of a children's park.  Cut it out.
If Kristy Alley were even fuglier.
I asked my grandpa to roast this one: "her eyebrows look fucked up".
You're so desperate to keep the attention away from your face that you actually drew an arrow down toward your boobs on the "Roast Me" sign.
So which eye is the good eye?
You look like the daughter of a Russian cigarette kiosk owner. Your peripheral vision was probably great for catching shoplifters.
At least the post-it could be fixed by flipping this picture.
You look like Katie Holmes with a dinner plate glued to your forehead.
Lmao, is OP voting us all down?
You're not too smart are you? Your piece of paper that says "Roast Me" is facing you, so it's backwards to us
Your eyebrows look like upside down Nike signs 
You look like Shelley from Hemlock Grove after she got some work done.
...when you go overseas, your forehead has its own passport...
If Mr. Bean had a daughter. 
Internet white Knight here,  is the horse in the picture still for sale? I've been looking for a burly steed to charge into combat with. 
Your eyebrows get a tiny bit higher when you serve a drink at Starbucks, don't they?
So looking through a fisheye lens is the similar to how you see the world?
your 5head doesnt even fit in a portrait picture
I picture you as a chop off your bf penis and make a necklace kind of girl
Tf is up with your eyes? You wanna be an iguana sooooo bad, yo. You said you don't need friends cause can look out for yourself. Smfh, ya eyes uncoordinated as shit. 
Your face looks like a pancake 
She watching my back and my front 
Your head is a lightbulb.
You look like one of those Madam Toussads wax figures that look nothing like the celebrity they're modeled after.
I would have to have two separate roast , one for your face and one for your forehead
Somebody's doormat in training.
i loved you as the troll doll in toy story
I would roast you, but I can already tell your step dad shoved you into the dryer when you were seven. Your eyebrows look like they're trying to flow away. I would tell you it gets better but I'd be lying, not when you personally have enough extra chromosomes to make your only friend. Your forehead is so big you could tattoo "suicidal" on it. Aside from the fact that you already look dead inside people will probably find you overdosed on painkillers in the back of a Walmart because no one wants to hire Kronk from the Emperor's New Groove's little sister.
She was probably posting this with one eye while taking the picture with the other. 
Are you Australian? Your Eyebrows look like boomerangs. If they could leave your face they would never come back.
Stop going to the white lady to get your eyebrows done
That's not a forehead.  THATS A FIVEHEAD! 
Goddamn that's one asymmetrical face
I imagine if the pic was zoomed out we'd see you have a giant cone head.
Nice try, but that tiny post-it is not making your tits look any bigger.
Just another typical "Before and Before" picture
I can't get over the fact that one of your eyes is staring deeply into my soul while the other is checking your eyebrows in the mirror. You're the reason there are holes in the wall next to the dartboard aren't ya?
Maybe if your eyes were not so jacked up, you could have turned the sign the right way.
how many tries did it take to get a picture of your eyes going in two different directions