How's your tumblr blog going? I look forward to reading the plights of a demipanqueersexual analbead-kin femist trans-centaur
Show me your cut scars.
If your eyes were any farther apart, tourists from all over the country would line up to see the Grand Canyon that is your face. 
You look like you started your transition to becoming a female last month. 
M8? I seriously doubt it. unless I was really drunk, with the lights out. 
you look like an imploring duckling...with poor make-up...
Nature already be us to that.
If Dobby and Lucius ever had a child it would be this.
You were just abducted weren't you.
You look like you hang out with the cool emo skaters. You also look like you give sad handjobs in public toilets.
I'm sorry ma'am, you can't park that bus on your face.
I'm actually glad you're already used to putting on makeup; pimps hate when their girls' black eyes show.
I suppose I'd wear my hair on one side too if my nose was that crooked. Helps even out the asymmetry a little.
Stop taking pictures and get back in the workshop. Christmas is coming soon and the children need their toys. 
Looks physically attractive, but seems weird as fuck.
You're the reason Professor Oak always asks "Are you a boy or a girl?" at the beginning of Pokemon games.
You remind me of a pug I had growing up. 
I don't insult 8 year olds.
If only you were half as sharp as your nose.
You look like the type of kid that fails in school terribly and will always play second fiddle to more intelligent and successful older brother who's more loved and respected by both family and friends.  You're also reminiscent of Golem from Lord of the Rings.
I like the lip piercing. How many more do you need before you get your dad's approval?
Even Ian Watkins wouldn't fuck whatever you are.
That ancient relic from the past cellphone camera make you nos look +1/5 the size of your face along with that oozing herpes dribble on the side of your mouth , either delete this and put on a proper pix. or suffer the real roasting you know your STD fat ass deserves !!