You may be ready, but I need another beer before I can stomach looking at you again. 
Ya ever wonder why guys only want to fuck you doggy style?
You should have drawn yourself a bath instead of an eyebrow.
It looks like your face is trying to kill itself.
For a make over?
She looka  like a man.
Your tits appear to be the only thing doable on you.
You know those girls who say they'll be ready in 5 minutes but actually spend another hour putting on makeup before you go out?  I can tell you're not one of those girls.
... to go back to rehab?
Dwayne Johnson with a wig.
You seem like the kinda girl that ironically likes to talk about poop a lot.
That's the same look of boredom and mild disappointment your drama teacher had after the rough-palmed handy in the back of his Nissan Leaf 
Is 1991 when you graduated high school or college?
That is a terrible picture. 
Looks like the gender reassignment isnt going too well
Not with that face, you aren't.
You have pet names for your pimples, don't you. 
What are you ready for? Your Proativ audition?
We all know a high-functioning alcoholic, it's interesting to see the lesser-seen high functioning methhead. 
You look like one of Rodger the Aliens disguises
Should have put the post it a little higher and undo your shirt more. 
To start introducing yourself with a female name?
Literally everything in this photo is too bland to talk about
Your eyebrows don't want anything to do with you. 
Fuck, did son of sam get a sex change?
I wish you would move down further so the light would blind me.
Then open your mouth, a few more strokes and he'll be ready too.
Your mouth must be able to open pretty wide due to those giant lines across your cheeks..  Open up
Ready to take him back...now that the black eye has healed. 
The only thing worse than your fingernails that look like toes are your crack head eye brows 
ugh.  why don't you slip into something more comfortable.. like a coma?
Watch out its "she-man " !!
If unenthusiastic handjob had a face, it would be yours.