Whoopi Goldberg needs stop shitting in the locker room
"I shouldn't have smoked that spliff before I came in for practice. My niggas always tellin' me to hold up signs and shit. Now they takin' pictures. Smh."
Your face is what happens when the coach doesn't have enough helmets to go around.  *Edited: /u/loyallemons eyeballs of shame are peering into my soul.
Your title says D2 lineman, your body says "womens field hockey".
ASAP Rocky Dennis
What is it with this sub? It's like the forehead olympics around here.
You could fit a whole football team on your forehead. 
Listens to Bob Marley every day, has at least 7 Bob Marley T-shirts, stays after football practice to avoid his abusive family life.
You look like a brain damaged Oprah Winfrey.
I hope this is photoshopped...your features are too fucking far apart and your forehead takes up half your face....WTF.
Great investment Whoopi...the face lift makes you look 10 years younger.
When did colleges start recruiting middle schoolers?
Forever the savior for people with broken shoelaces
'Sent from my stolen iPhone'
Best part of banging a slutty black chick like this one here--?  Never have to worry about her daddy!
Wakka Flocka Fake, one stoned ass lineman
This is the new style mug shot?
You look like the failed abortion between Whoopi Goldberg and Lil Wayne 
I was going to come here to make a college football player/drunk girl sexual abuse scandal remark, but after looking at your face, you seem like the one who gets the sexual abuse...and not from the drunk girl.
You look like Sean Kingston and Whoopi Goldberg's aborted child.
look more like a wide receiver
Chief keif missing a chromosome
I think Opera's daughter gets enough shit
Looks like he is getting ready to be handled by the rest of the team.
You look like you're ready to play Slap-Asa
That look on his face says he barely made it through his dad walking out.
So how many times has you coach touched you?
"for just 15 cents you too can help save a life..." cue the Sarah Mclachlan music. Also, it's good that he is practicing his sign holding because some day it will come in handy while he's begging for change.
He looks like he's practicing for his mugshot.
"you **are** the father"
You look like the girl who's parents bitched about why you could play football so they were forced to let you suit up.
You look 12 and you probably act like it also
You looking up like your friend just asked to take your picture before you suck his dick.
D2 for Miami. LMAO. Miami what, junior high?  Or is that what you tell all the skanky ,fat, white bitches you trying to fuck?