I bet you all watched your first porn together and fake laughed through the entire thing.
Downvote everyone a little more OP. 
Whole lotta sexual tension there. 
worst interracial threesome ever
The only thing you're showering with is each other. And I bet neck stubble on the left there keeps his shirt on the whole time.
The dude on the left looks like fuckin Grimmace
Left to right.   Sorry Horatio, you're the wing man.    They only chilled with you in high school because you did their math homework.    You probably think the other two look up to you because you're a narcissistic twat.  
Fat, ugly, retard. 
Not sure what to say about the two Italian-Americans, but the dude in the centre looks half Peruvian, half Japanese.
I hope the 3 pairs of eyebrows give the phone back to who ever you stole it from
You know you're fucked when that GameStop greasebag on the right is the attractive one in the group.
There used to be four of you but the one on the left ate him after the middle one touched him inappropriately and the one on the right froze him with that look
You've all been buttbuddies since when?
You three make a nice trio, have you shared this with family?  Or are you going to keep it on the QT except for Reddit....
'Friends since high school' that could mean you met yesterday for all i know.
Do you guys keep that fat guy around because their the only boobs you will ever touch?
3 vaguely "not white but can't tell what it is" guys who will undoubtedly contribute nothing but grease and "customer service" to the world walk into the bar.  Homeless Horatio Sanz wannabe walks up to a girl to set up Ponytail Jenkins.  Both are unsuccessful and end up drunk on Zima and picking on their poor Asian friend about his inferior video game skills.  All 3 go home, retire to separate corners of their shared room, masturbate, and quietly fall asleep.
Guy on the right is one eye patch away from being a super villain.
You two are only friends with the fat guy because his mom is hot and his dad is rich, right?
I'll keep saying this. I have only seen betas post group roast pictures. You really have to grow some balls and post alone. 
You guys look like you have enough extra chromosomes to make a 4th friend.
Have fun at the eyebrow convention. I hear Eugene Levy is the guest speaker. 
Ye are what motivates suicide bombers
So an Asian, a Mexican, and a Jew walk into a bar...
Come on guys weak effort step it up