Between the double-chin, the midget, the Targaryen, and the token minority, you look like failed auditions for Game of thrones extras
Next year when you guys are sophomores you'll look back and it will be painfully obvious why you didn't get laid all year.
None of you is as ugly as all of you.
[Held the image up to a mirror](http://i.imgur.com/DErch2f.jpg)
College gay porn will help pay the student loans off.  But you all knew that already.
"Welcome to Beta Phi Phi - The original inventors of all-male glory holes and the reach around!"
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.6944   &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/42086)
Holy 5'2", Yeah just keep your head tilted back short stuff, thats the only way you can communicate with girls that are a normal height. 
I bet you all play disc golf.
At least you guy's don't have to worry about STD's. 
It's tiiiiiiiime for another episode of everybody's favorite funtime show...  *[audience chants]*  WHO'S   COMING   OUT   AFTER   COLLEGE?!  We've got an unusually strong crop of contestants today, let's get started! Batman, you have the ballgag, who's your pick? Will it be shortstuff? Will it be blouse? Or is vaguely ethnic hiding the gay behind those mild mannered glasses?
Here's a picture of a social worker in his blink 182 shirt with the autistic group he works with. The only thing worse than the far right guys hair is the middle left guys face.
One direction has really gone downhill
What college? VIRGINia Tech I assume.
okay. let's see...  one of you comes from a REALLY rich family, the rest are all middle class, a couple pretty upper middle. three of you were in band in high school, two of you play guitar, one is actually really good. you all like alternative rock, most like hip hop, one likes "underground" shit like earl sweatshirt, one loves country but keeps that shit to himself. one was an eagle scout, two jews who had really fun bar mitzvahs, one is really christian and feels conflicted every time he gets drunk and touches a boob. four of you played soccer, three of you played tennis, and two of you played soccer, tennis, and something else. one of you have a couple black friends, the rest have, like, one black friend, except for one guy who doesn't really know any black people well but loves the idea of black people. two of you are still dating your girlfriend from high school, one has cheated on her. the rest have fucked a couple mediocre girls because it's college and boring white guys fuck mediocre girls in college and one guy is regularly fucking a really hot girl and nobody has any idea how he landed her. two of you have parents who are divorced, one of you fingers his ass in the shower, one (guy on the right?) is not gay but keeps thinking about kissing a dude, and one was molested by the gym teacher in elementary school.   boring ass cornball privileged A minus regular college freshmen. go ahead and run along to your shitty bottle of smirnoff and overpriced weed so you can all hang out and play CoD til 3 in the morning and feel really awesome because life is awesome despite all the obstacles you overcame to get where you are today. 
So many bad decisions in one picture
You guys look like you're ready to open up your summer camp for kids that haven't been molested yet.
Second from left started out with a plain black tee before this Totally Not Gay bukkake party.
Target's guerrilla marketing team must be getting pretty desperate to use kids they found outside a 7-11 to push their boy's apparel line
I'd have to cull out a few of those "broski's", but several are worthy of closer inspection and a test drive.  College has its benefits.   Time to find out what life is really all about. 
#NoPussyCrew4LYFE
Is that fucking hodor in the middle there?
Holy shit I recognize you guys from my school.
I'd make a joke about your sex lives, but just like sex - you wouldn't get it
So which of you gentlemen got the bukkake after this picture was taken?
Losers in high school that stick together in college?
I cant believe the goonies made it to college
Tell me how shortie laughing at all y'all insecurities 
One of these is not like the others.
not quite cute, not totally nerdy - that Twilight Zone of beta maledom 
What's wrong with the guy in the gray shirt 
Oooookkkay here we go:  Far left: 1) Stop wearing a band shirt for a band that started when you were like 2, oh, and I hear redbull gives you wings... and your hair has wings... stop drinking so much of it  2nd one in: You are so desperate for friendship and companionship, that the sad joke that is this group taking this picture makes you laugh histerically  Grey hoodie: With your hand, are you pointing to which one of your friends you're boning?  Lameass batman: You'd take the boning  Red hat: See comment 1 about wearing stuff like a band that came out when you were like 2 (red hat backwards, limp biskit - sounds like your love life)  Stripes on the right: Are you the token eastern european who is so drunk he doesn't even know what he's doing.  It looks like you're pointing at the camera and saying "In mothva latvia, potato is food of king, are you holding potato?" to the guy holding a camera
You guys probably joined that pyramid scheme and approached people like "LIKE BR00 IDK U BUT I RLY CARE ABOUT YOU BROSKI, I WANT U TO SUCCEED IN LIFE" and had job meetings in your moms basement.
 Why did you upload a picture of a bunch of sticks?
The toilet paper is right next to the towels because they are too lazy to buy more when theh run out.
I don't understand. The midget is there, and all you get the cleaning supplies for him?
All of you were voted most likely to sniff dirty laundry done with the family.  I let my predictive text take over at some point.
It almost feels like a modern revenge of the nerds. Except in the old revenge of the nerds,  the nerds where actually smart.
Never heard of 5 gays 1 midget porno before