Looks like you still haven't wiped off the one from last week
Looks like you got hit in the face with a handful of ringworm. 
Seeing your picture made me change my view on abortion.
Are those hickies from your big cousin Jeb?
I don't have to hit you with my best shot. Judging by your face your dad already does that every day.
It's kind of impressive to see somebody so aggressively ugly
When all that autism awareness shit makes it's  rounds on facebook  again, I'm just posting this picture.
There isn't a shot effective enough to cure whatever you have
Are those the scars, bruises and scabs the football team gave to you after the relentless, daily face fuckings? Go Wildcats!
Ah, the virgin-with-herpes paradox.
you look like you got bit in the face by a vampire with herpes. 
you could have asked another way for some hairgel
Looks like the best shot was some infected bum jizz on your chin.
Ordering you a case of herpes cream.
Do  you kiss your mommy with that mouth?
You know you've gotten too intimate with the wrestling team when you get ringworm on your face.
The only shot you need is some penicillin for that goddamn MRSA infection
Let's be honest, could you even see arm my arm coming at you? You look like you need even thicker glasses.
I didn't know you could get genital herpes from yourself.
McLovin got herpes?!
I wanna say oral herpes but then I sit here and think who in God's good name would get with that.
Do you have a pimple for each of your extra chromosomes?  
Looks like herpes already did
Can do anything here, the guy with herpes already gave you his best shot 
I did not think I'd ever see a literal pizza face
You look like a retard who just seen a butter fly and shit his pants 
Dandruff and herpes what more could God due to this kidsl
You look like an offspring from one of the Mad Men. The  retarded result of chain smoking cigarettes and drinking scotch at 9 am.
You're like an uglier bubbles with mouth herpes
Why are you even remotely happy?
God already did. 
Not only do you get your dick stuck inside your sister but you got your moms genital herpes on your face
Did your Mcdonalds colleagues convince you that bobbing for fries was a smart idea?
Looks like you've saved money on a Halloween face paint 
Now I know where your mom got her herpes from.
I'm sure your boyfriend doesn't even enjoy that line.
God I hate anit-vaxxer parents. The kid is already retarded and they still didn't want him protected from shit? That's dedication.
You look like the poster child for going down on a girl with a yeast infection. 
I'm going to save you a lot of trouble and heartache: you need to forget about girls and focus on somehow overcoming your other difficulties and making serious money.   Then you might be able to pick up some chick coming off her second divorce sometime in your early forties; at that point, everyone starts to look like you anyway.
The herpes virus sure did
it's the 6 flags guy, back when he first discovered meth
Wiping grease off your face and running it through your hair does not count as styling it - and your frames need to be as thick as your lenses if you want them to hide that monobrow
The shots you're receiving the help with the HIV are enough let me tell you...
Qisek handicap tbh 
I'll be waiting to see you on CNN once you mow down a couple cheerleaders at the next pep rally
Looks like not only the paper has 4 dots on its face