I'd be grumpy too if my girlfriend looked like Legolas from Lord of the Rings.
Easy with the rape eyes Starlord.
If you both cheated on on each other, both of you would probably upgrade.
Nothing said here is going to be as sad as the two of you fucking each other.
You guys look like eastern european organ harvesters who prey on backpackers.
You look like Dakota Fanning and Chris Pratt melted.
Bro, that's awesome that you're sticking with her through chemotherapy.
Damn girl nice 5head
Between your two sets of eyes, there's as much life as an 87 year old dying of cancer... still probably more lively than your social lifes.
Chris Prat visiting a cancer patient. He's such a nice guy.
Your girlfriend has the hairline of Patrick Stewart
"I'm Bam Margera and on this episode of Jack Ass I'll be banging Skeletor."
I give you a combined score of 4/5, he's a giant foreskin and she's a five head.
Your foreheads could interlock like one of those "best friend" charm bracelets.   You're missing yours and she has twice as much.
Staring at her gargantuan forehead during the elbowy dispassionate sex you two have is sad enough. 
You should ask your girl to shave that lip and give you the hair to fill in that patchy ass beard.
I've seen more emotion in a brick wall.
Seems like your girl is doing a good enough job 
I reckon your faces would be exactly the same if she was holding a positive pregnancy test instead...
The girl looks like a white version of the "I am your captain now" guy.. and the guy looks like he thinks having a girlfriend will make peoplel think he doesnt want to be sodomized by Lex Steele.. your not fooling anyone, queerbait.
The girl looks like a white version of the "I am your captain now" guy.. and the guy looks like he thinks having a girlfriend will make people think he doesn't want to be sodomized by Lex Steele.. you're not fooling anyone, queerbait.
You tried so hard to look like Chris Pratt, but your day job at Qdoba is really getting in the way of your exercise routine. 
Looks like the kissing cousins from the Elephant man's bloodline
The more her hair recedes the more he has crippling depression
Life beat us to it. 
You already do that for each other.  The next step is a child you both can neglect- every time you look at him or her, you will see a tangible reminder of your wasted youth.
That is one creepy x-pasty white skin and how old is that girl , according to he receding hairline she must be pushing a hard +40 !! 
What kind of shoe polish do you use on that forehead ? 
The fat one already looks sad. And I'm not talking about any males.
oh my....future wife beater there with his trailer park trash. she ends up having 3 kids and just cant lose the baby weight. he works construction and has a drinking and anger problem. 
His facial expression describes they're relationship.  Sad, and pathetic
Seems like your girl is doing a good enough job 
The fact that your faces are about as symmetric as a cubist painting is sad enough
He seriously has the look that screams 'I am holding her hostage'. She is even holding up the 'help me' paper. I mean, that is the ONLY explanation I have for her to be with him
Shes as bald as my Bellend, he must be the Gaurdian of the Phallicy.
You look like a walking skeleton and the guy that's supposed to kill it with a mace
Your sex life is the only thing colder than the frozen yogurt. How does the old jingle go? "I scream, you scream, we all scream *but especially you guys at each other*"? Actually come to think of it if I squint your V necks make you two look like ice cream cones.
He needs his nails done like her, she needs a beard like him.... and a blackguy to screw both of them at one time
He settled.
Chris Pratt really downgraded with you.
Wow... Lego Chris Pratt is dating a drag queen who is obsessed with Tilda Swinton... 
The only happy thing I can see between you is that ice cream in the background. 
Her skull structure is the missing link between apes and modern man.
Your ponytail is way too tight.
Honey, if he hasn't beat the living shit out of you yet, it's definitely coming. Run. RUN.
You guys look like the brother and sister that have been fucking since you were 17
Did you guys swap hairlines?
Those are four lifeless, ugly, empty eyes. And no, bro, the glare isn't working.  Keep that up and someone even less manly than the bull-dyke to your left will slap it off of you
Damn this is that couple that you see at Starbucks pull up in a Mercedes Benz E class that mean mug tf out of you only to order Pumpkin Spice Lattes anda "ham sandwich" 
You look very related.
You look like Christian Grey after realizing she's not only a not a virgin, but has a bigger dick than you. Then you ate away your sadness. 
He's already cheated on you.
lass looks like a paper mache covered skull
She's pregnant....the dad is black. 
You guys do internet webcam porn per minute don't you.
Chris Pratt and Anna Farris if instead of actors they were retarded.
Your head looks like its poorly photo shopped on
Pssssst. (She's fucking your friends)
Pssssst. (He's fucking your little brother )
It won't last. 
You look like your parents arranged for you to be together, as you both come from a long line of selective breeding. Unbeknownst to you both is a high level of genetic code similarities.  **tl;dr** Your children will be fucking hideous.
His eyes are screaming----"COCK COCK I LOVE COCK"  Her eyes are screaming  "CREDIT CARDS!  BMW'S!  I NEED A SUGAR DADDY".
He's not going to start hitting you until your second, but first autistic child is born.
[deleted]
I can't say anything you probably haven't thought of yourself. Except this. You probably didn't think anyone would *ever* say this. Yeah. That's right. I said it.