With that moustache the only thing you'll be up and coming in is a child
*Roast an up and cumming gay porn star
I think I saw you in Stuart Little's sex tape. You were the third rat on the right that couldn't stay up
Each individual eyebrow is 3x the size of your "mustache", but at least you have a long career as "date rapist #2" on CSI
Well yes, I imagine gay porn for pedophiles is probably a lucrative film market.
You look like a 12 year old with that "mustache"
If you can't grow a mustache don't do it. Looks like you just pasted some pubic hair up there.
Sorry to break it to you, but there's a big difference between "up and coming" and "third shift at Denny's".
Just because you guest starred in the episode of cops where your dad was beating your mom doesn't make you a movie star.
Most unsuccessful porn movie star right here.
*up and coming janitor 
If any up and coming movie stars happen to show up I'll be sure to do that
You could probably be the pedophile in an SVU episode, but that's not close enough to the real thing for you. 
You should try acting like puberty has ended.
They're finally making the Freaks and Geeks movie?
Hey Pedro. Where is Napolean?
I think you forgot to wipe the dirty sanchez from your lip after you last dude on dude porno scene. 
I guess you could call "street-level minor drug dealer who dies early in every movie" a movie star. Whatever pays the bills.
I don't know about a movie star, but I'll certainly roast a future general labourer that dies of lung cancer at 57 after spending his whole life in the fields "providing a better life for his family"
You look like JaVale McGee fucked the Paperboy.
Can you still say "Spic 'stache" these days-? 'Cause you got a bad 'un.
Vote for Pedro.
Luring eight-year-olds down to your basement and filming them does not make you a "movie star."
You look like the retarded birth child of John Leguizamo and Joakim Noah.
The only movie you'd be in is [FuckTeamFive](http://www.fuckteamfive.com/t3/) where real pornstars fuck random dirty weirdos hanging around gas stations and places like that.
You probably have schizophrenia or took too much acid at Bonnaroo.
You're too late. The Cantinflas remake just came out.