95% chance you work at the DMV.
Be honest: do you and Howard Stern ever bang?
You look like you work at a mortgage servicing company.
Lil Wayne is on Reddit?
[deleted]
Trying-Not-To-Be-Scary Spice
I'll take you to the candy shop, let you... Scratch that, I'll take you to grocery store to buy you some Dawn dish detergent. Hopefully it will clean that greasy face of yours.
You look like you threatened someone to give you that sucker
Did you take this photo in the elevator at the welfare office? 
You're the type that dumps your friends when they start dating Hispanic dudes.
You know all those people whispering around you aren't just mistaking you for a girl *named* Alopecia, right?
Your left eye is more serious than your right eye.
As I stated in another post, I have a flashlight that needs a pair of AA's. Can you move the card down so I can see if those are the AA's I'm looking for?
I bet that lollipop is watermelon flavored 
With any other girl, I'd probably be complaining about the "roast me!" sign covering up their cleavage, but with you, I'd probably be  unimpressed.
Why is that ring so big?  Is it to compensate for the fact that you'll never have a ring on the other hand?
have fun in the welfare line
Idk why they didn't let you run the ball at the Superbowl. Fucking Seahawks cost me
Holy shit is that predator?
It's Whoopi
Shaniqua?
Face says HR department, body says mail room. 
george clinton ....in the face lookin ma fucka
Is that the same lollipop you wrote the song about?  Huge fan by the way 
Crazy Eyes! Is that you?
The power of pinesol has done her good.
The Black Lives Matter movement should exclude you
I don't know which is making me sick. That nasty ass sucker or your face
Does that lollipop help with chronic dick withdrawals?
Hey, so is the chick who plays Piper nice in real life? I really dig what you're doing with the Crazy Eyes character. Really fine work.
Your hair is a reminder of why so many black women wear wigs
I'd be happy to help you get all those snakes off your head.
Sweet jesus, you can play an Imax movie off of that 5head of yours
The Color Purple looking ass motherfucker. 
you're black
You look like a black beluga whale.
Introducing our first finalist in the 2015 Aunt Jemima marketing campaign.
She was dead before this mugshot was taken. 
You look like you have no problem playing the race card or sex card anytime you need to get what you want.