There is nothing punk rock about Hanson.   Mm bop motherfucker. 
You should grow your hair out to hide your whole face.   I don't blame your step dad for hating you. 
1994 called...it wants its...everything back
I'm glad to see you in school, it means you'll know where to go for your janitor job interview after you graduate  
You look like Kurt Cobain if he fell into a bad meth addiction. 
I want to roast this punk but i feel like his classmates probably already do a pretty good job of that. 
Better finish your HW or mom isn't going to let you have friends in the garage.
Covering that lazy eye
Shops at GAP and uses his mum's hair conditioner. Less Kurt Cobain, more David Spade after having his lips smashed in with a spade.
Draco Malfoy's even edgier phase
Wow! Thor 3 has really gone down in the shitter
I bet you have to keep reminding your parents "IT'S NOT A PHASE!"
"You don't understand, nobody ever understands me!!! I wish I'd never been BORN!"
If school shooter had a haircut. 
There was a time when guys saddled with faces like yours could fail-over into the punk scene and score with fat, bald, leather-clad herpetic skanks.  Having a Ramones album on your iPhone and quietly wishing for that time won't bring it back.
He'll never be as cool as Kurt Cobain, but I don't think anyone would mind if this guy went out like he did.
With the shirt like that, the only rocker you are is in the chair. You looks soft and cuddly
Hey Jax hows the sons.
Baby, you got some serious DSL. The guys must line up for miles.
Well, i can now officially say punk is dead.
Tale your medicine. I can't afford to stay home from school tomorrow. 
Be easy on this kid , this is a school shooting waiting to happen . 
I support the whole Kurt Cobain look, in fact your face will look much better all over the sun room floor.
God in heaven what a fucking mess you are. Your poor mother. I bet she cries a lot.
You look like Kurt Cobain if he somehow lived after he shot himself in the face and went through facial reconstruction.  
You look like nickelbacks ugly twin. Why does your lips look like two sausage links put together.  