The military should capture the sucking/tearing sound made when you eventually un-bond your clammy nacho-oiled legs from that poor leather sofa. They could use it for crowd control.
You look like you cause menopause.
I am 58% sure you're a girl
Your dicklessness says girl but your chestlessness says boy.
Shawn White really let himself go. 
That couch deserves a medal of honor
Which washed up Culkin are you?
You look like Rocky Dennis after partially successful plastic surgery.
That's the ugliest Halloween costume I've seen this year. 
Can't roast you, you're already baked.
you look like a 40 year old soccer mom who recently started taking meth to cope with her soul-eating, ginger children.
You look like the result of Jason Mewes snorting an 8 ball of coke then fucking Dave Mustaine
"Mom do we have any more pizza rolls?" Must be a daily thing your parents hear from their basement.
Normally, people go to /r/toastme after here to feel better. I don't think that will help as they won't be able to find one good quality in this.
God dammit guy, I can't look at the picture long enough to think of an insult.
You look like the slacker, unemployed, squib member of the Weasley family that the rest of the family doesn't like to mention or talk about due to your lack of magic and accomplishments. You now live in the basement of the burrow trying to unsuccessfully fill your inner void with junk food and getting high.
You microwaved those, didn't you? You lazy piece of shit.
Rocky Dennis, much-?
Not sure if moose knuckle or camel toe.. 
Here we have proof against the existence of God. If this man was created, he was likely drawn with Spirograph, under the effects of a powerful hallucinogen.
You look like your mom just woke you up to ask if you are going out to find a job today 
Everything about this scenario screams female with a penis 
That looks like a pic that every father should hang on their daughters wall...  If you can have sex within an hour of seeing that there is something wrong with you.
Having children would make you a terrorist.
You look like the type of guy who would "accidentally" drop cheese on your junk so that your dog can lick it off.
You look like the poster boy of what a Republican thinks is wrong with America 
I don't know who looks worse... You or those "nachos"
You probably still live at home with your parents
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
You look like you gave up on looking like you gave up. 
When fathers think of the worst guy their daughter could date, they're thinking of a guy half as bad as you.
You look like Macaulay Culkin had sex with a meth addict.
Oh cool, Budnick from Salute Your Shorts all grown up!
You look like Lena Dunham before her sex change operation.
You better eat quick because the owners of that house are going to be back soon. 
Your shoe size is probably equivalent to the length of your head. 
Rocky Dennis has gotten uglier.
You already look pretty roasted man.
Looks like you've already roasted yourself you high piece of shit
Looks like you've already roasted yourself you high piece of shit
You really scare me.
This is the picture next to the word "white" in the dictionary. 
Why do you do so much Heroine Shaggy?
What the fuck am I looking at here?
I feel sorry for your couch it had ptsd thanks to you
You remind me of Dracula, if he was a hot topic loving tranny.
"Recognized as the fastest growing pizza chain in America (based on 2011 U.S. store growth), Little Caesars is growing in prime markets all over the world, and offers strong franchise candidates an opportunity for independence with a proven system, outstanding value, convenience, and quality for customers and a simple operating model. In addition to Little Caesars Pizza, Ilitch companies in the food, sports and entertainment industries include: the Detroit Red Wings, Olympia Entertainment, Olympia Development, Blue Line Foodservice Distribution, Champion Foods, Ilitch Holdings, Inc., Uptown Entertainment, Little Caesars Pizza Kit Fundraising Program, and a variety of venues within these entities. Michael Ilitch owns the Detroit Tigers. Marian Ilitch owns MotorCity Casino Hotel."
Where's Scooby? 
"Sweet nose ring!"  -no one ever
You look like a Caitlyn Jenner that had to take care of 5 kids.
I didn't know they made meth flavored nachos... 
Ho my gawd. U just ugly. Your name prolly "Smush, the androgynous Viking"
You are as attractive to females as a room full of bugs. EEK!
You look like a fat and ugly Shaun White
Damn carrot top really is in dark times.
So this is what zombie movie extras do when they are not working
I'm a day late but you're probably still eating nachos so.
mccauley bulking
This ain't getting you any closer to that GED.
The only action you've ever gotten is when you sneak upstairs in the middle of the night and squeeze your mom's tit.
I'm surprised you can afford nachos with all the money you blow through on drugs and hard alcohol.
Shaggy has really nothing left in life.
Did you just finish with your sister or mom?
You look like the fucked up hillbilly that country parents warn their kids about
Your like the less successful version of carrot top
Seriously, these feminists are getting manlier and manlier.
[deleted]