Wake and bake.... More like Tuck and Tape. Your a man with a giant man hand
What shade of makeup is that? Regret?
You smoke as an excuse for having the munchies 
You legit look like an acorn 
I don't think i have ever seen a good fitting wig
You don't drink the bong water.
Your so plain you make vanilla yogurt seem spicy. 
You look like you just disappointed another man after they woke up next to you 
Gender, please-?
You look like you're ready to give up, much like your Jewish parents did after you told them you wanted to be a hipster fashion blogger.
I imagine this is what everyone in South Dakota looks like, except uglier. 
Your face.  The argument against legalizing marijuana.
Dressing up as the corpse baby from Trainspotting was a creative choice for a Halloween costume!
I heard this story about a woman who moved to Colorado to be a "free spirit" and ended up getting a job at Walmart only to poast pictures on Reddit and live in a 1 bedroom apartment with her cats 
I would offer you a smoke down, but I'm afraid your break my bong with that hand of yours. 
Pot is and will always be the only thing interesting you have to talk about in your life.
I'm afraid no amount of makeup would make up for that face.
Is that your hand holding that sign or has the fat clawed creature thing crawled out of the basement come to do your bidding ??  
The type of chick that would get gangbanged by Jay and Silent Bob
Hashslag nomakeup
I thought perfect squares didn't exist in nature.
im pretty sure 11 years old's shouldn't smoke
Please put on makeup, for our sakes
When does your all girl rock band practice. There's no way you're straight. 
Not even make up can save this
Trying to hold back the tears of rejection. I can see it in your eyes.
You are the human equivalent of a Pot Noodle.
You look like Meg from Family Guy minus the glasses, skullcap, and middle class family.
You must be Zooey Deschanel's retarded sister the tabloids can't seem to find.
It's almost impossible to find what would be more square. Your personality or your actual face. 
the only reason boys come to your room is because you always have something to smoke on hand.
wake and bake a cake, then eat it all by yourself.
I loved you in [Game of Thrones](http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/gameofthrones/images/c/ca/Samwell_Tarly.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20150529152616&amp;path-prefix=de)! 
We get it - you smoke weed. With a face like that, I'd try to ruin my life, too.
Neat fingernails. Are they designed to pick at your infected vagina scabs?
No amount of weed would make you attractive.