You look like Scooby disguised as Daphne 
I would say something mean, but I feel like I would end up targeted on tumblr and get visited by the police for "verbally raping" you
You look like the kind of person that would google "Can I marry my cat?"
"I'm not like the other girls."
Whoever told you those glasses make you look nerdy and smart, lied.
You look like one of those girl who claims she's "into indie films" because you own 'Little Miss Sunshine' on DVD.
You look like a sexually confused Cruella DeVille
Shocking you in a dark computer room with no windows.
Are you actually a full time woman, or is this just a Halloween thing? 
Im willing to bet you only went to computer class to talk to your soon to be husband, who pormised you a disney like "romance" and will pay for your ticket to go to syria and see him.
You look like Britney Spears post Kevin Federline. 
I see the face of a girl, but the hands of an ogre. Much confused. 
You look like a Cocker Spaniel with glasses. 
Future single accountant that's fucking Jay in IT who lives with his mom.
Taylor swift clone. All the awkward, none of the fans.
you look like luna lovegoods retarded sister.
You look like a pelican dressed up as a sad woman.
How many times have you slept around your local WoW group?
You kinda look like stan smith from american dad
You have tasted the loads of half of your high school, but not a single one of them will admit it. 
Your personality is as bland as your fingernails.
It looks like the ring is trying to crawl out from your roots
Pepper Ann lost here cartoon job. Now she's in IT. 
Your the cool nerd girl in the friend group that gets invited to your friends while all five guys simoultaneously attempt to woo you. And it makes you feel so good except you have to  leave early because you have computer science homework to do.
I can't tell if makeup or if your uncle had to ask you for a sandwich twice.
Just ugly enough to never get a boyfriend, not ugly enough to understand why. 
Looks like your muppet hair wig spun around backward on you. 
Please link us to your fan fiction erotica where you get to be with everyone in Twilight. We are all dying to read it!
Next time you say "triggered", just make to sure to immediately follow up on that with a loaded revolver staring right in-between those horn rimmed glasses.
Look like a version of Donald Trump's wife from a universe where everyone is born with Fetal Alcohol Syndrome. 
Gosh you're so ugly. Your hair looks like an androgynous boy wearing a wig. You dress like you live in 1990. Guys prefer to keep the lights off when having sex with someone like you. Not the good ones though, only virgin boys looking to lose their virgin tag probably bang you. Your life is more boring than your clothes. The most interesting part of your day is browsing tumblr. Your white nail polish just reveals how fucking boring your life is. You think you're creative and nerdy, but you aren't. Right after this roast, you're probably going to watch TV and cry yourself to sleep because you're never going to have the life of a decent looking girl.
Your chin has as much surface area as your five head , shut your jagged yellow stained meth mouth you sub-basic DIY mangled hair loser !!