I'm not really looking for any roasting right now. Let's just be friends. 
Everything you buy is meant to be shared yet none of it ever is
party size is the closest thing you will ever come to a party
You look like Abraham Lincoln in the worst possible universe 
This is what happened that night Hagrid went into the forbidden forest and fucked a leprechaun 
Is this the hacker known as 4chan?
/r/malefashionadvice  /r/fitness  /r/seduction  /r/loseit  /r/getmotivated  Seriously, just pick one  EDIT: seduction = seddit 
you look like you're dressed for Halloween as a slightly exaggerated version of your normal loser self. 
You're a jazz musician, but instead of playing jazz, you eat food.
This is meant as a Halloween costume I'm guessing, but sadly you already owned and had all of these things sitting on your computer desk at home. So you're not only lazy, it's really not much of a costume. *It's you*.
People must hold their breath and avoid eye contact while maintaining a 15 foot distance from you at all times.
I praise the person taking the picture for not punching you directly in the face.
Noob didn't even get baja blast.
The most repulsive thing in this entire photo?  Your fucking fingernails.  How often are you knuckle deep in your own asshole?  Gag.
I bet you own only one tube sock that's almost filled up. 
Ironically, a photo from mid March.
You should be sued by Mountain dew and Doritos for defamation.
Your face looks like they ran out of matching sets of features and hobbled your head together from the spare parts bin.    You ordered your head in a large but the lips came in extra small and your nose came in penis.  Your face looks like a cheap Romanian Mr. Potato Head knockoff that got left in a hot car for too long.   You look like a wet fart.
The other Amish people in your family defied God's will by buying a car and get away from you as fast as possible.
didn't I see you on /r/neckbeardthings? 
Nigga you ate the whole roast.  What the fuck we gonna do now?
Another sad consequence of the under-reported scourge of Amish sibling-rape.
This shouldn't be /r/roastme but be /r/intervention! But it wouldn't work because nobody likes you
Looking at you makes me uncomfortable
Nice job on gluing your pubes to your face. 
It's white knights like you that keep the [webcam porn industry](https://www.reddit.com/r/RoastMe/comments/3qunul/roast_me/) alive, as it feigns one-handed interaction.
The human form of party size
OP posts in /r/furry a lot, so at least he will be disguised and have a chance at fucking another guy at a con someday. Furry's are the community of last resort for bi-curious paper-bag jobs.
NICE MEME
Try roasting some vegetables.
Your Mom fantasizes about dying in child birth
Even if your weiner did work you'd still have to get someone other than the dog to look at it
What does a leprechaun clop-artist keep at the end of his rainbow?
Are you ready for your photo shoot for the cover of Euphoria Magazine?
At first glance it looks like you're self aware of your disgusting appearance and are making fun of yourself, but on a deeper level the self-depreciation means your self-esteem is even worse than your hygiene. 
Isn't owning a camera and eating Doritos against your strict Amish life style?
Too easy.
You look like a serial killer that belongs in an Amish horror movie...er...illustrated horror book?
Jesus if we rub your balls together do we get three wishes?
I hope they have to amputate your feet when the diabetes gets to bad
Are you the top mod of r/circlejerk?
you are not worthy of the maiden! there it is, roasted as if in preparation for a feast
What the FUCK aka under your finger nails
You bought party size chips because your entertaining crabs in that pubic hair beard of yours! 
I can't decided if you look like a gigantic leprechaun or a neckbeard... so I'll just call you a neckprechaun.
Must be taking a break from the Magic the Gathering tournament.
Are you Jewish?
You look like the son an Irish politician sent away in shame.
Mountain Dew and Doritos says you are a gamer, beard says  you're amish. Which is it?
You look like the kind of guy who still lives with his mom but spends all his money on KFC.
You look like Freddy Krueger raped a leprechaun and got diabetes
Is that your michael Jackson costume for the pedophile convention?
Easy bro, the Fallout party doesn't start til November 9th. 
Snacks to get you through another stimulating night of online gaming, alone in your parents' basement.
The only vagina you will ever see is the kind that has www. in front of it, and .com at the end of it. 
Johnny Cash was a time traveller who went back to rape Abraham Lincoln.
fuckin leprechaum rofl
I see you're ready for the release of Black Ops 3. I also see you're NOT ready to go on any dates any time soon.  
I know you said 'm'ladies' but secretly you just wanted 30 men roasting you at once. Unfortunately neither 'side' wants to 'roast' you and so this is the closest you'll ever get I'm afraid.
You do understand how this Amish thing works right? 
You look like an abraham lincoln android
i really hope this is your cheap excuse for a last minute halloween get-up
You look like an Amish bizarro-droog going to his first internet viewing party.
Ha! he thinks the Mountain Dew n Doritos will up his MLG and lower his STD's. don't work that way fatso.
I didn't know the Amish allowed COD.
You look like the kid of Abraham Lincoln and Honey Boo Boo's mother
Guessing I shouldn't go to school tomorrow.
Look kids, It's neckbeard the pirate
Self aware enough to play up the loser neckbeard thing...not self aware enough to just...not do that in the first place. 
I feel as if you're successfully using your personality as birth control.
Is this the equipment you use to make kids come with you?
Sad and lonely party sized leprechaun with his "pots of gold".
Tip your cap to all the ladies that won't go anywhere near the tip of your dick.
That's weird, I always thought black was supposed to be slimming. Oh and nice tan
You can see he tries to ironically be that guy and pretends to want people to make fun of him ,but when they do he dies inside and tries to hide behind his fedora
Fucker too poor for baja blast? Guess you blew all your money on that fedora.
If you want to be roasted don''t post a pick like this. This shit will fucking boil you!
That right there is a nice cum stained fedora.
making it too easy for us eh....as usual
This is what happens when you get shunned from the Amish.
You're the reason 4chan exists.
MLG Abraham Lincoln 
I didn't know Jared Fogel had interns.
You're supposed to dress up for Halloween
Are Amish virgins allowed to eat Doritos? 
You look like me in freshman year of college.
You look as though you will smell like the inside of a Comic Con. 
How is it even possible to look Atheist and Amish at the same time? Looks like Ezekiel here knows how.  
Roast and potatoes. Go back to your potato field!
Please tell me that's a Halloween costume...
I totally understand why your Amish family won't take you back.
This, my friends,  is what happens when an abortion fails. 
This picture was taken by a mother who saw you approach her kids so she could have your photo to show the police, right? 
you look like fat bastard went to a COD launch party. 
God fucking dammit 
How many friend zones are you currently wallowing in?
I'd roast you, but I've seen what nice guys do when they're rejected. I wouldn't want to friendzone you that hard.
you look like one of those Amish runaways, except I feel like they pressured you to leave. 
its kim.com's less known brother
Doritos, Mountain dew, Awful facial hair and a queer hat... looks like you got yourself quite the virgin starter kit.
Serving for Three? Serving for me.
You played MW3 and liked it.
The Amish are getting creative with the Halloween costumes this year
I don't roast Amish OP,  You guys don't get out enough as it is. 
&gt; m'ladies~  You hoped finally girls will speak to you if you ask them to roast you willingly, even though its an insult, you wanted to know how it feels talking to a girl.. Too bad.. most roasters here are roosters...
i can smell you from this picture
"Hey bro take a pic with ur primary food groups"
No matter how much black you wear, it wont make you look any more slim.
You got balls and I'm not mentioning the ones under your chin.
Now I know what would happen if World of Warcrafter gave up his monitor and keyboard to be a street performer.
Tonight on 'When Good Amish Go Bad'...
My cancer ridden nan has a beard less patchier than your pubic excuse
You look like a massive leprechaun.
You look like you'd happily break a finger to scrape the last bits out of a jar of peanut butter, and you'd be proud of it.
So Autism really does speak...
Gimme that Blues Traveler look fam.  Barber: Say no more.
You look like a leprechaun who's just let himself go.
You're fat. You look like an Amish paedophile and a leprechaun gave birth to you in the cubicles in KFC. Get a tan, shave and workout then maybe you'll get the bitches.
He just carries around the Doritos bag to mask his own stench.
I dont have to roast you, your mom..I mean your lady does it for me everyday. 
I think you're fedorable
I think your calorie count is higher than those Doritos. 
I'm actually not kidding, I came incredibly close to going as a neckbeard for halloween. This was going to be my exact costume.
Classy fedora classy public bathroom
Those Doritos look like they've already roasted your breath.
r u amish maffia
Has a bag do diritos and bottle of mountain dew. Still can't get a girl unless he pays them. Phadora didn't work either I'm guessing?
M'Fag
lookin like a tabbys pathetic droopy empty ballskin after getting desexed, probably would never had made a difference anyway you pre-cummin bed wetter. m'laddah akbar
Shave that chin strap, and the fedora might magically fly off to claim another victim. 
So you became overweight, then gave up. You tried to save it with a beard, realized it just wasn't for you and gave up even shaving it. So you buy a fedora? jesus man
How does it feel since you stopped playing haggrid in the harry Potter movies
drinking mountain dew does not mean u have to be a mountain 
You probably make your chihuahua lick your Dorito fingers
I'm surprised you can even fit your humongous hands into the bag of Doritos 
how many young girls faces have you stretched over lamp shades?