Can I borrow you ladies this weekend? I'm going to be watching horror movies and I like to know when the main character 'shouldn't go in there.'
I feel like I can hear your loud obnoxious conversations right now
You two are my worst nightmare at the DMV
Left: Looks like an aggressively lesbian Niecy Nash.  Right: Looks like Whoopi Goldberg had a transgender son.
I feel that when you guys are talking everyone in a 20 foot radius of you knows what you are talking about.
I don't see what all the racist comments are about.  You two are the whitest black people I've ever seen.
- Something both of your mothers didn't say to Bill Cosby. 
i didnt know they were remaking turner and hooch with an all female cast
It looks like they successfully gene spliced Aunt Jemima. 
Young Oprah and Gayle King cosplay.
Django Unbanged.
I'll give you $100 if you can have a conversation without clapping your hands.
You both are dressed like Black Panther groupies in 1973.
You look like libation servers.
girl on the right - singlehandedly keeping the jheri curl activator business alive and well. let your soul glo...
By any chance was "it" a KFC Bucket Meal?
Follow the drinking gord ladies! 
I bet thomas jefferson regretted banging your great great grandmother
someone get some pancakes cause i see aunt Jamima and her sistuh
Hey clueless on the right, its pretty obvious she fucking your man.
That girl on the left is unaware she is being filmed in the new hit movie: "Pennywise from the Hood" a soul plane like remake of Stephen Kings it.
Gershwin revival: Porky and Mess
What was it like taking over Tom hanks boat... We're the captains now 
Not cool dude,  you can't just photoshop their Brazzers sign and make us roast them
Ur skin already looks a little roasted 
TBT - underground railroad selfie
You two look like the illegitimate love children of Aunt Jemima. I had more written but I decided to only post about 3/5ths of it.... #imsorry
ANd they got 5 kids between the two of them. Paid for by taxpayers.
#Givebackourgirls