You look like a soft serve cone of ice cream. 
And here I was thinking Iggy Azalea couldn't get any worse.
Everyone looking at you might think that's a hairstyle, and they need to be corrected. What that actually is, is a spring to help cushion the blow off all those headboards it's constantly being rammed into.   #staygay
By the looks of it, his phone wasn't the only thing in this picture that was dropped on its face,
He uses dry shampoo? Looks like he could use a dermatologist, and maybe some facial reconstruction.
I thought it was just a myth that people could be so ugly they crack screens.
Your hair makes you look like a Victorian age ugly step sister. 
Who do you look up to more, Macklemore or Johnny Bravo?
Your hair says "powerbottom" while your face says "ordinary bottom"
The only reason you don't totally shave your head is to give the men in your life something to grab
hey its your father, yup still disappointed and hoping to have a boy next time.
You didn't get beaten with the ugly stick. You got beaten with the whole tree
I see you volunteer to test lipsticks.
Someone likes Flock of Seagulls. 
He also uses dry skin and dry personality
How much did your lip injections cost
I've seen that hairstyle before.   http://i.imgur.com/OSpA6mDl.jpg
Is your friend trying to be Donald Trump's running mate?
He looks like if Hirohito and Hitler's wet dream had a baby.
Incest could have made a better child. 
Looks like crack has affected more than the screen on your cell phone. 
An excellent reason to vote for Donald Trump.
The one good thing you were doing for the world was keeping your face off the internet. Now you have ruined that and we all have to suffer the horrendous sight that is that failure of a face.
Your favorite song is Trap Queen
Who do you think you are, [Joel Larsson](http://media.wizards.com/2015/events/gpdal15/gpdal15_t8-larsson.jpg)? Get that Swedish elitism out of here.
Someone left your face out in the sun too long.
Hey now, I'm all for trans visibility
He looks like a white Ahmed Mohamed
Your not a horrible looking twink. I'm sure you can find a rich muscle daddy that'll take care of ya. 
Leave Britney alone
You smell like axe and disappointment.
I bet your phone broke from taking a selfie because it saw your face.
Tell him he thinks his hair is trendy and hip but in reality it makes him look like a fruit cake. 
You look like a fish who's just been facefucked with a hammer drill
Well of course he uses it! It takes more than those DSLs to bring the customers to the corner!
This picture will keep planned parenthood funded.
Looks like he has the Big Dipper made from zits on his forehead. 
I can see why you went with that hair style, it takes away from your face which looks like droopy dog and a boy band had a baby. 
it looks like Johnny Bravo fucked Mr. Miyagi
Since when did Sweden pass anti-abortion laws?
You look like a twink KennyS.
SMug doosh bag with girl lips     he is so not self aware 
So that's where Phil from Rugrats ended up
You forgot to put the "s" at the beginning of that pronoun. Unless of course that's how "he" self- identifies. 
Guys, Caitlyn Jenner told us to be nice to the transsexual community, not roast them. 
Did all the members of One Direction take turns cumming in your hair?
You look like [Joan Cusack](http://i.imgur.com/MSAeuDn.jpg) but with a smaller dick.
Looks like your hair was attacked and mauled by a pack of rabbid squirrels 
This is the worst kylie Jenner lip challenge fail I have seen yet.
your phone probably broke because you tried to take a selfie with it.
There's a reason none of the women in that room are looking at you
Great, another box-munching, Ellen DeGeneres wanna-be dyke.
You look like a poorly designed brush.
Hey look! Broke, ugly Macklemore!
Your eyes say "I don't kiss and tell", but your lipstick says "I suck dick on the first date and give herpes".
Horton Hears a Why Even Bother
I think your eyelids are melting
Your the reason I cant get behind the anti bully movement.  Some kids need a good ass kicking.
You look like an iced gem.   https://www.dizzybeads.co.uk/images/cache/Fimo_Handmade_Food_Beads_Charms/Fimo_Biscuit_Beads_Charms/fimo_iced_gem_charms_single_colour.600.jpg