I love how the top comment in your /r/rateme is that your a 4.5/10.  I guess you came here to have your self esteem broken more so when you service the train of guys at the local biker bar you wont feel bad that its the best you can do.
Rocky... road?   Sloth loves Chunk.
You actually have an excuse to wear oversized sunglasses 
An absurdly high percentage of your face is eyebrow. Like angry chia pets.
You look like a sex doll for guys with low standards.
You look like a failed abortion attempt.
Your nails polish and hair colour reek of trying for your parents attention, did being the overly promiscuous type not work?
"Sure I've heard worse", yeah your parents got that covert
You look like the kind of girl who writes sad poetry that your parents laugh at when they read your diary
So, what planet are you from?
You're supposed to pet the woolly bear caterpillar, not stick them in place of your eyebrows. 
There once were two caterpillars, they decided against caccoons and instead became your eyebrows.
Your face looks like its migrating North for the winter.
AH! Anime Eyes!
It looks like you left your mouth on a helium nozzle for too long.
So the "Cutting" is not helping you feel anything.......better turn to Reddit R/Roastme
I could use your chin as a screwdriver.
You look like the type of girl who's on her third abortion
How does your body haul around that big fuckin head? You look like a water tower with downs
To be fair, of course you have. After all this is our first time seeing you. You, on the other hand, own a mirror. 
Picasso is happy that his art continues to live and thrive in modern times.
Sweetheart, you're supposed to swallow the cum, not store it in your cheeks for the winter. 
You look like you should be shivering in a corner somewhere.
Looks like you shaved your eyebrows and drew on fake ones way higher up to hide that massive forehead.
You have the whole "premature birth" thing going on 
I was thinking of investing in real estate the agent showed me your forehead!!  
You should try makeup. 
You look like you've sticked your head out of the car window too much as a kid.
You've probably heard worse, but I'm not sure I've seen worse.
Does your face always look like it was distorted by a fish eye lens?
This is what happens when Dr Who fucks a hamster.
Did you take this picture while having a stroke?
There's no way your catch phrase isn't "ayy lmao"
I want to spit roast you. Maybe that can even out your eyebrows. 
EGIRL lookin ass
That eyeliner is tragic....
you're the type of girl i'd bang, but not tell anyone about it
Your shoes are probably fine.
When I'm a wingman for a bro I have to sometimes take one for the team. But I draw the line at you. I think id rather go to the zoo and find a gorilla 
I can tell from your user name that u ur cute and quirky. 
You tried to hide your Asian eyes with all that makeup, and failed horribly. 
You look like a cheaply drawn anime character
You look like the practice chick that guys fuck a few times so that they're good at sex once they bang the girl they actually like.
You lokk like Lily from How I Met Your Mother, but with a mild stroke.
Your future hobby will be all those tats you will need to cover up all those slashes on your wrist , maybe you need a multiple razor blade necklace just to speed up the process , you pathetic delusional sub-basic loser !!
[deleted]