I can almost guarantee your right eye is looking at your left.   You've mastered the one angle that makes you looks slightly less aweful than the rest.   Your clothing choices and make-up shout "I don't care what you think but what you think is all that I care about"  You hang out with long-haired white guys that claim to be rappers and stoners.   Your nose ring was intended to be a symbol of defiance and define who you are, but really ended up proving you're just like every other teenage girl that thinks her life is worse than every other teenage girl's.
If a bad orgasm had a face, it would be yours.
She's the girl who smokes all your weed and leaves
if you cropped out the ugly portion of your face, what the shit are we looking at?
Is this picture from before the football team finished all over you? 
Your other eye must be where your anus is.
Is this one of those before and after "Meth... Not even once" pics?
I can't tell what you are doing with the camera, do you only have daddy issues on one side of your face?
This will be a good tinder profile pic when you start looking for "no hookups" after having a couple of racially ambiguous children. 
You could've cropped the pic a bit more. Jeez.
If you suck dick worse than you crop pictures life is going to be hard for you 
Spoopy (adjective) - Someone who is so average looking, that they will wear anything to stand out.    Just accept the fact that you'll have to blow a casting director to get the non-speaking part of victim #2 at the beginning of a Criminal Minds episode.
There's nothing much to see, both figuratively and literally.  You'd be perfect as a Dominatrix and being a lesbian is a great start for full blown bitchiness.
no amount of photoshop can edit away the haggard face of regrets
Lesbian ?!? Well this women then is a wastes of any mans time , therefore move onto real women who are not , you putrid STD filled drug saturated sub-basic loser !!
Hold your goddamn phone straight for starters
you tried to look good.
What's your bra size? A minus minus?
Are these costumes or are you just a basic white girl? 