Sneaking half a beer at your dad's birthday party does not mean you have lifetime bragging rights to wear that shirt.
it looks like your eyes are two escape pods preparing to detach from the rest of the ship before the whole thing blows. 
Lookin like Jake Gyllenhaal wakin up from a heroine overdose
You sucked so much dick the pressure in your face blew out your eyelids.
If only your father 'weised' up and didn't conceive you. 
You are the result of what happens when people talk to Steve Urkel whiles hes mixing his Stefan formula, fucked around and came out white.
You should ask your mom if she ever hooked up with Rodney Dangerfield.
You probably would look a lot better in a pair of small sized speedos
Your t-shirt should say ["I just want to drink wine and pet my Frenchie"](http://imgur.com/TH9ll1P) or maybe "I'm not Gay, but $20 is $20".
Your pandering to an anonymous online audience for attention is not going to fill the inadequacy you feel you posses as a being. There is no original part about you. I for one feel sorry for the life you will live from this point on. Good luck.
Ok to start you look like a retarded version of lasercorn off Smosh and the Haircut that looks like a dead rat doesn't help. And you are so bad that even your roast subreddit doesn't have many comments, Bitch! 
Okay a few of these are alright, but still pree weak. Send me harder Roasts fam!
A lot of broken hearts in your future.
Are you the poster child for why you shouldn't drink during pregnancy?
You look like the villain in every '80s high school movie
This is what I imagine Ryan Gosling looked like as a newborn. All red and puffy.
"No weak shit!" *Only drinks beer*
Subscribr to candito training.
*still thinks its cool to wear a beer t-shirt*
Your taste in beer is just as bad as your lazy eye
"no weak shit". you are already wearing some weak shit on your shirt. 
You spend a lot of time on your hair, yet you still wonder why it doesn't look good. Also, you wear that shirt to make people think you're cool. In reality, you spend your time locked in your basement. Taxidermy. For some reason, you look like the kind of fuck that would be into taxidermy. Locked in their basement cutting up dead animals like that one kid in Bates Motel.   You do have one thing going for you. With those eyes of yours, if you're ever stranded out in the cold, you can just cut those bags off and use your taxidermy knowledge to sew them into a sleeping bag. 