Don't tell me how old you are, I'll just cut one of those tree trunks and count the rings
Your camel toe is showing
One day maybe ur head will grow into the rest of ur body
Are you an interior designer? Because your use of space with tasteful decor is on point.
Can you be roasted when you're so baked? 
I see you are a fan of short shorts and terrible furniture. 
I'm guessing that couch has seen a lot of action from your mates.
This is why you don't venture into the Amazon jungle alone folks.  Happy birthday. 
Lookin like Andrew Luck had an asian baby
Lmao can u see out of those slits?
[deleted]
It's your birthday and you're alone on your mother's couch. WTF do you have to smile about?
Cheers, let us all hope we don't have to do this next year too. 
When you go outside, do people think you are going as wreck-it-Ralph for halloween?
Happy birthday! Looks like your enjoying your place in the world, chilling in the caboose of the gravy train. 
You look like you've gotten into a fight at the bar over someone spilling a drop of beer on you by accident 
You look like a cheap version of Charlie Day......
So your idea of decorating is handing a bulls jersey from a hook on one of those "I don't know where I got this hanger, but I've had it since 1996" hangers (the answer, btw, is a shirt you bought at Caldors.  It came with that.)?  You could at least hang it neatly.  Also, I like that the hanging spot on the nearly completely bare wall is right behind the television.  Clearly there weren't any other available spots. 
I don't know, with eyes that squinty you may have been tricked into this. You probably think that sign says "Free Sex" or something.
Your birthday is Halloween huh I could have guessed because your face sure is scary
You're legs look like squidward's after that one episode where he eats a ton of krabby patties. Are you trying to prevent leg injuries after seeing how utterly irrelevant Rose has become? I mean, nobody even bothered to reference his jersey hanging prominently in your picture.
your inability to open your eyes explains why your house and yes, maybe even your life, is such a sad mess.
I would roast you but your taste in basketball teams is more than enough
Does the carpet match the drapes? Wait you don't have any drapes... 