You look better. You should think of being dead more often
weird how you only showed your costume in the third picture
any excuse to put your moms makeup on huh? we all know already
I bet you started an Anime club at your school but not even the weird kids wanted to join because they knew you were involved.
Are you going as yourself post suicide?
OP, please, stay out. You're almost as big a failure in your comments here as you are in real life.
Let me guess you dressed up like a guy that you'd want to fuck 
here's the difference between you and L. L doesn't look like an extra in a D horror movie about lesbian zombies.
You make L look like a crack addict. 
I'm going for a gander here and I'l assume that in your case the L stands for lesbian.
You look like the little Asian boy from The Grudge all grown up.
You might be a zombie, but the only moans you're going to hear tonight are from your disappointed parents.
You probably have more edge than the razor you cut yourself with.
Do you prefer when people call you "weeaboo" or "otaku"?
merry spoopmas? what a trendy lil faggot.
Did you learn your makeup skills from Helen Keller?
you look like robin william's gay wife from the birdcage
Wheres the costume?
Looks like your halloween prep was just to stop taking the HIV meds two weeks ago
I hope you'll get the same treatment as L.
If only you'd follow canon and die already.
Mind telling me your first and last names?
Guess you're "Near" death
[deleted]
God damnit your pictures make me so uncomfortable 
Thank god you wrote your name on that paper.
So which one do you not have the makeup on?
You look like Zelda from Pet Semetary
Go the fuck home Gerard Way your band sucks.
Nice Onision costume
You go girl!  Your reward is waiting in the end.
The only L I see here is the L's you are about to take.
i think i lost calcium 
Picture #3...you can take of the makeup now, kbyethanks.
So you dressed up as Liza Minelli's abortion?
You try so hard but yet Tim Burton wouldn't cast you as extra #3
I'm going to go out on a limb and guess your dad went out for milk and never came back. Smart move on his part.
When your life is so shitty you have to pretend to be someone who's life is shitty.
You know what the worst part of putting all that make up is?  Telling your parents you're gay
Your costume looks like your wearing the skin of a rotten corpse. The first, second, and fourth pictures look fine though
Mom didn't approve of your costume so you needed to go to the Internet for someone to see it, huh? 
The only time you ever get laid is when life repeatedly fucks you up the ass. 
You look like your really wishing your thumb was a dick in your first pic
I would say normally to take off the emo makeup but in this case when it covers up some of your ugly face i say keep it on.
Okay you look like a dead person so now pretend to be dead so you'd be six feet down where no one will suffer looking at your face ever again.
You are so terrible at make up. You look like a damned special needs zombie. In the zombie apocalypse while all the other zombies are dying you're the one in the corner afraid of being touched.
You look like a gay version of R from Warm Bodies
You are the aftereffect of failed suicide
Costumes a definite improvement, pizza face
weebs look better dead.
Your probably one of those kids who obsesses over Anime, and probably wishes you were an anime character, Since you probably can't get a gf you probably watch henti and makeout with the pillow of your fav anime character  
wtf
sooo, you dressed up as a virgin? because its an unwritten rule that ur halloween costume cant be what u are regularly.
What costume?
Orin from Parks and Recreation had not been doing so well lately.
You look like Liza Minelli's 'transitioning' sister.