You would break your glasses if you walked into a wall with an erection. 
Oh, you took a break from League of Legends to have your pic taken with a sign?  Back to Silver for you.
Your A's is the only thing that's straight.
It's too bad you still can't get L's straight. 
Your body has the structure of a hanger.
Every time you try to have sex the other guy throws a 411 error.
You turned up a perfectly good ladyboy opportunity to stay in school?
Can you fix my iPhone with a side portion of egg fried rice?
Roast you? Like your family at Hiroshima? 
Asian Mclovin
kojima please bring silent hills back
Your parents must be happy with the changes to the one child policy
Do I go with the 'straight Aspergers' or the 'straight Asian' joke? Too much to choose from.
Straight gay student with a shemale body. Sends dick pics to jocks on snapchat. Still cant decide if pad thai is better than chicken fried rice.^_^
I think you have too much soy in your diet.
Your going to have to pay for sex.
Did your parents fuck on Donkey Kong mode? 
Your father thinks you can still do better than all straight A+'s
Did you make that T-shirt out of the carpet?
You could literally blend into cement with that shirt.
Forever a virgin too
Easy---repeat 2nd grade year after year, one gets pretty proficient with the material
What's your favorite video of some guy getting hit in the dick?
Looks like the mass that you're supposed to store in your abdomen is stored in the bags under your eyes and in your nose. And, if you're a straight A student, can you learn how to look straight with both of your eyes? 
But you got an F in looks
I want to verbally attack you, but I actually feel bad that a young kid your age has to wear a toupee. Hopefully you're an outlier and don't have a typically-tiny Asian dick, otherwise your best chance of getting any action will be to move to Thailand and "transition."
Straight as a rainbow
Shocker. 
Well son you have dishonored your family you did not make A+s.
Oh look at his cute justin Bieber haircut just don't look down you either get an eye full ugly or a look at tiny tim
Straight A's... Shocker...
Just remember, while you are spending the rest of your years inventing incredible things that we will all take for granted. That I am in my back yard watching topless girls wearing feathered masks and juggling flaming batons to raise money to go to Burning Man. 
Exactly how much time during the week do you spend playing League and masturbating to cartoon porn? 
Are your glasses crooked because the coat hanger made things uneven?
God damn, those lenses so thick you can probably see people waving on a map 
Look on the bright side kid, at least some day you'll have enough money to pay someone to fuck you.
Okay what thing do you have when multiplied by four equals what everyone else got  Yes you got it your dick compared with everyone else's dick
You expect me to take you seriosry? 
Man when you take women to bed you take a fraction of a real man's pride with you.