You both use "bitch" as a term of endearment and compete with each other for bathroom time before going to instagram fueled events simply to convince your friends you have lives, friends who both of you picture each other as when fucking
I bet if I took a wet washcloth to that girls face she would look like a foot.
Is this like that awkward down time porn actors have between shooting scenes?
I can't roast this. It's one of the best face swaps I've seen
He's almost as pretty as he is.
She looks like him in drag
This comment has been overwritten by an open source script to protect this user&amp;apos;s privacy.      If you would like to do the same, add the browser extension [GreaseMonkey](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/) to Firefox and add [this open source script](https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite).      Then simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top.
must be the promo for a new episode of "I am Cait"
Aw i think it's cute that you guys are bored with each other but understand that neither of you will be able to do any better!
yes. sometimes when my wife is bored in a hotel room she also tries on all her makeup at once just to see what it looks like. we laugh for a good ten minutes.
Do you only write with crayons or do you do coloring books with them too?
Y'know, if you're bored, she's really not doing her job.
Isn't he supposed to be putting $150 on the bathroom vanity and fucking you for 2 minutes then leaving?
I bet he spends most of his time begging you to shut the fuck up.
dude on the left definitely wipes his dick hole with toilet paper after peeing. dude on the right is just gross.
Hey buddy quit wasting time - she charges by the hour.
He has the look of a man who says "im sorry, this never happens" to all of his hotel hookers
I'm guessing the only reason those sheets are still white and not smeared burnt pumpkin orange is because half-beard over here got too drunk to go all the way.  I don't blame him, I imagine him meeting clown-lipstick somewhere around last call and pounding tequila shots to prepare himself because the last time he saw a lady with that much makeup she had a cock.
Who sucks more dick ?
"our" hotel? Sweetheart, just because you stay there for an hour, doesn't mean you get to call in duel ownership of the room. 
Well he looks like he doesn't know what the fuck is going on and she looks like she could make a convincing Shroud of Turin facsimile by burying her face in the sheets. 
She found this sub just to not fuck you! You must be terrible in bed! 
Oompa Loompa doopadee doo, not even your mother will ever love you.
Could land a jumbo jet on her nose.
Wow, how much did all that plastic surgery cost?
You look like the Morning Show hosts for a trailer park.
Fred Savage on Down syndrome next to some makeup
So 300 selfies on Facebook just didn't do it for you? You had to ask the good people of reddit to look at you too?
He's cheating on you.
Bored in a hotel. Ah, the small penis syndrome, I've heard about that. 
Op how are you bored in a hotel when you are alone with your blow up doll?
Decent job on her veneers. Just a couple sizes too big.
So how much did she charge.... 
Have you tried having sex? I guess your friend being ~~closet~~ gay might prevent that.
She's cheating on you.
How can you be bored in a hotel room?
the dude looks like he combs his hair down because his hairline is receding.  chick. you wear a lot of make up and are bad at putting it on.    your relationship wont last
You're bored in a hotel and this is the best you could think of to do?
Some advice for you, get a prenup signed. She's the type of house wife that's gonna get bored and fuck the mailman.
Both of you only do egotistical doggy style when you're fucking because your own reflection in the mirror is what really makes you cum hard.
Girl- "Honey none of my "freinds" on instagram, twitter, facebook or tinder have like or commented on any of my posts for like 5 minutes. I need attention or I start to realize how boring I am and remember my dad didn't give me enough attention when I was young"  Guy- *internally panicking at the prospect of his partner having a moment of self realization and crying* "We could post something on reddit"  Girl- "you mean like r/gonewild? that would get me heaps of attention! good Idea hun"  Guy- " thats not what I meant maybe we could post somewhere else"  And now we are here 
Any couple that looks like you two would be bored in a hotel room, too.
the grill looks like a ompa loompa jesus woman take some off. Also you have horse teeth.
http://i.imgur.com/M1Xm8Yb.jpg
The stupid look on the dude's face is the realization his dick skin has just been been shredded by the bitch's horrifying fake choppers
Blink twice if he is holding you hostage.
Your wife looks like a high end sex doll.

That guy looks like he enjoys sucking dick
LPT: Just because your sibling is hot does not mean you can fuck them. What you're doing is called incest and you'll be arrested if you're caught.
"I better take this selfie before any drool rolls out of my brother's mouth!" 
[deleted]
I'd roast that pussy.
leela laser'burn' lips and manbaby  also, veneers.  also, dead eyes.
You're poor you're staying in a Hampton inn.   You're both gorgeous gfy
Let me guess he got all daddy's money and is always out "playing tennis" and she's just gold digging while she sucks dick on your bed while your gone &amp; kisses you on the mouth when you get back home? 
You look like the kind of guy that gets HIV from bathhouses and doesn't tell his wife that he is infected, while still fucking her.
Only one cure for boredom.......Anal
[removed]