This is what happens when brothers and sisters fuck 
I bet you both think the other one is the ugly roommate.  At least you never had to come up with a system to alert each other if you have a guy over.
You have a face like a jack o' lantern
You're the reason other girls get suspended for bullying.
Did someone pull the sides of your face too hard when you were a baby?
You literally ate a bowl of nails for breakfast 
Somebody left the barn door open again.
Your sign has more personality than you. 
Someone please tell me what the fuck I'm looking at.
Did you escape the Amish? 
 Alleen Wuornos autistic daughter. 
http://i.imgur.com/ifJXg3s.jpg
Do the leaves on the wall represent how many teeth you have?
If I ever need a bottle opener, I'll know who to come to. 
So Gollum DID have a daughter!
If my farts had a face, you would be that face.
Now I know how to carve my pumpkin!
QILF  "Quasimoto I'd (maybe) Like to Fuck" (if i was shit-hammered and all of my friends and acquaintances were home for Thanksgiving break and I saw you ringing the bell in the campus clocktower on my way home) 
She looks like Julia Stiles after she tried to brush her teeth with firecrackers.
Some teeth here, some teeth there. You know, wherever.
Looks like we're having roast rabbit
You look like you can eat corn on the cob through a picket fence.
Go back to your ranch in Montana 
Isn't that what you say to every frat boy you bring to your dorm
Looks like Ronda Rousey got knocked the fuck out
It's Julia Style's fucked up clone she uses for spare parts.
Wide, stretched out face. Missing teeth. Lazy eye. Prematurely graying hair. Dimples like impact craters. What is this creature?
I thought we were roasting your room mate, not your dog...
her dentist should get a turn first lets sit this one out people
When you stand on the corner downtown, do people try to scan your teeth with their cellphones to determine your best price?
A bowl of gravel. Breakfast of champs
You look like a 70 year old plastic surgery failure.
The things that roam the halls at the dark of night , should never come out to be seen in broad daylight , you sub-basic butterfaced bucktooth eyesore loser  !!
"My roommate wants a turn." The first time anyone wanted a turn with OP.  Michael Strahan, I'm gonna do you one better, boi!
She's one ugly lesbian.
wtf is that mouth
She's the last surviving Neanderthal. 
Hey, so your step parents finally let you out of your cage in the attic?
Corn on the cob is no match for you.  Did your mom fuck a rabbit?
I 100% support Barney Gumble on his journey to become a woman.
Her face is great inspiration for a jack o lantern design.
Thank god you and your roammate can't have children
Your roast me sign is prettier than you
Your dad roasted his sis man we cant do worst! 
1-800-DENTIST
You could fly a place between those teeth
Did you lose those two teeth when the bb's flew through those cheeks?
All that time spent on drawing your roastme logo could have been used on brushing your spongebob lookin' ass teeth
the only pretty thing in this picture is that fucking drawing 
[Please tell your brother I'm a big fan!](https://thefifthquarterdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/clint-howard.jpg)
Did you put the teeth that fell out under the pillow for the meth fairy?
Hey guys I found Sasquatch! It's a lot uglier than I thought though 
You put more effort into your roast me picture than any aspect of your looks
Precccious!!
A least you only have to where orange and smile for Halloween 
the only time homely and fixer-upper don't mean you're getting a bargain
I read somewhere that dimples were a genetic mutation: literally holes in your face. I just thought they made people look cuter, but now I understand the mutation bit.
Your teeth are perfect for a Double-slit experiment.
With those teeth, i dont know if i should roast her or feed her an apple.
If a broken down old bus had a face.
I've done a small bit of looking at your history and, well... It's girls like this that make me reconsider being straight and I've only seen a picture.  How can you be a lesbian when you're around this all the time?
[One of us.](http://i.imgur.com/Pz9Oiyj.jpg)
I hope you have a nice ass.
[He got a real pretty mouth, ain't he.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x_gqqArce9U)
I'd fucking ride her.  Teeth or no teeth she gets a portion.
Holy fuck she's ugly 
This is hard....I really wish there was some sort of disgusting flaw to your look, you know, something that really stands out or maybe something that might be completely missing altogether.  Then I could jump on it and come up with some sort of clever insult.  I'm drawing a blank though.  There just seems to be a couple huge gaps in my joke/insult development this time around.  Bummer.    
The gap in your teeth makes me wonder if I should shake your hand or kick a field goal. 
Do you both want to play the man when you have sex?
lets just be straight forward...you have messed up teeth and for some reason your right eye is a differnt size than your left. also with the flanel shirt covering up what looks like it is probably a rather unfit body you have this dude kinda look or either a old lady look. its hard to say either way.