I'd wear a hat too, if I had that much forehead to hide.
You look like someone who would have the monster energy logo as their profile picture on facebook.
I think he is mistook the word unroastable, with unfuckable.
Wal-Mart brand clothes? Check. CoD poster? Check. Shitty facial hair? Check. Clear disdain for women? Check. Ladies and gentlemen, I give you Fuckboi McJackit
No matter what you do kid, you STILL will always be a bottom 
you look like a lima bean
You look like the guy who plays cod screaming "FUCKING SHIT BRO. ON MY SCREEN I WAS FUCKIN BEHIND THE CAR. BUT ON HIS SCREEN I WAS FUCKIN TWERKING IN HIS FACE BRUH"  Edit: HID FACE BRUHHHHHH
You're one of the kids in school that thinks he's a gangster but really is depressed and self conscious
This boy look like he sell his body for energy drinks.
My guess is that you are so uninteresting that you exploit the one thing that barely lets you stand out among your peers, and while everybody realizes that, nobody cares to tell you it's still not working. You have only transformed yourself into a loud, uninteresting person. Have fun being every party's uninvited "DJ" by playing music through a bluetooth speaker you carry around in a backpack. At least you're not smart enough to see that though. Nobody with an IQ above room temperature would consider putting pinups they found in their father's sock drawer next to their bed. Have some self-respect. If you acted like an adult you'd get treated like one, but you'll be that guy who never quite gets it. I see you staying single and staying mad at anyone you know who has an SO. You know how people say not to bottle up your emotions? Please don't take that advice. Nobody will care enough.
You look like Justin beibers effeminate boyfriend.
You look those those dolls from the 90s with stretchable, flimsy arms.
That aint no Caliboy, with Hulk Hogan poster and two bimbo asses, this kid still is a fruit.
You look like a progeria kid
Is there any legs in those pants?
 Your head looks like an upside down butternut squash.
Rentboi
Quick put up the picture with the girls showing their butts; and make sure to get it in the pic so people don't see how obviously homosexual I am.
You look like you thought the money from that medical research project would be good but then regretted it when you got home and looked in the mirror
You are a human Q-tip. 
The video game posters side by side with the model butt posters confirms your virginity. I'll bet sometimes you have trouble deciding which one to jack off to. 
Oh classic, short ugly kid who never outgrew his sense of style from the sixth grade and masks his insecurities with shitty mallcore clothes and dumbass posters. You are the guy that messes with younger kids at the local YMCA because no one your age wants to associate with you. Kids give you high fives because they feel bad for you.
was this taken in a 16 year old's bedroom?
Dude has the physique of a bobble head.
How much pubic hair did you have to save to make that beard happen?
You look like you're trough with life, and just did your final rub.