Do our worst? Looks like your genes got there before us. 
You have kind eyes which makes me believe you are uncomfortably nice to all the people you kidnap and then behead with an axe
I feel like you volunteer to be Santa Claus in shopping malls, just so little kids can sit on your lap.
Beginning his journey he hacks away the vast red jungle of face pubes, then between the man boobs of virginity, over the mountains of gut and through the jungle swamp of the untouched underworld... There he finds his micro-penis. 
You look like Hagrid's left nut.
You're supposed to churn the butter not eat it.
Nice of you to take a pic of the room you were conceived in.
the background pretty much sums up ur life
I just got to say did you take this in a public bathroom or are you still suffering from Katrina.
It looks like George R. R. Martin has a disappointing son that he keeps locked in the basement.
Is that what you told your barber?
This is clearly the best r/atheism has to offer
Either your hair or beard is fake, but I cant tell which one.
When the beard is a complete different colour as the head hair, you know this one was inbred.
Can you tell me when you get out of jail so I'll know when to look out for a bearded rapist
Most of the chicks that post in here have stronger mustaches than that.
You look like Zach Galifiniakis crossed with a potato that was thrown down a flight of stairs.
That picture taken at the local jail?  They have you on a 72 hour psych hold?
Hey Leprechaun, move the fuck out from in front of the electrical panel.
It isn't just pictures that your face ruins, it's everything around you.
"Do your worst"   - OP's mom to OP's dad, right before he was conceived
You couldn't come up with your own look so you just stole Jontron's, but shitty
You are the definition of a "neck beard" how many fedoras do you own?
AND MY AXE!
Don't you have a poorly worded movie review to write? 
Was your costume that Amish looking kid who robbed the home run in the Jays/Royals game? Or his questionable uncle? 
I stop watching viva la bam for a while and bam grows a beard and gains 300lbs? Wtf MTV 
You look like you can molest children with that fucking neckbeard of yours.
I bet you spend most of your time online playing world of Warcraft
I found your brother. http://imgur.com/gallery/Yr6wr3N
"do your worst" it looks like you have already done worse than I could to yourself
I can't do anything that the elementary school lunch table hasn't already done to you.