All filthy and no frank
Chin-Chin would be disappointed.
You weaboo poser fuck. I wouldn't even think about sacrificing you to our Dark Lord Chin-Chin
You're that guy that acts different to try to stand out, but in reality you're just fucking stupid.  You're not unique, you're not artistic, you're just weird and annoying.
You should play real life frogger 
I know there is a punchable faces subreddit but is there one for punchable personalities. Seriously I have never met you and I want to push you into oncoming traffic
It's uncomfortable to watch someone try so hard to impress a bunch of nobodies.
Oh no! It's retarded 
Not even Lord ChinChin (god bless his chromosomes) would accept you as a sacrifice
Autism is ashamed it has you.
People aren't laughing with you  they're laughing at you
I've never seen someone try so hard to give roastable material. Cancer is a slow painful death, so I can understand why you're desperately trying to lose the will to live to speed up the process. 
Can I habe de pussi pls?
Your depression stems from your self-reflection and life choices.
You look like the guy who wants everyone to like so he tries to be funny and goofy but just annoys everyone. 
You aren't worth the chromosomes you're made of, you Franku-wannabe autistic nobody
Just croak already. 
Was is testicular cancer? Cause I dont see any bulge down there. 
Roast yourself, cunt.
I'll leave the roasting to the French, frogboy.
Yeahessssss You look more like eyesore
Haha, you're so crazy and different!   Go back to jerking off to Monty Python, you insecure retard.
is it too late for an abortion
congratulations, you are a part of a cancerous fanbase. 
You know, if you want to dress as the sex offender registry for Halloween you just need a moustache and a Bible.
Your Chin Chin sacrifice will never be worthy. 
So your pj's are satin, fun times. Now run along, the parade starts in a few.
You're the reason Chin Chin is pissed 
Well it looks someone is ready to pass kindergarten
As that a boner by your mouth? 
You are the cancer
You look like the Auschwitz jester.
Aint nobody going in between those frog legs.
The only thing salamander man would say no to.
I don't think that flute is the first thing that's been up his nose if you know what I mean
You're the reason why Dade passed away.
Clearly.
Don't ever expect to get da pusi b0ss
You look like a guy who likes pinapples on his pizza  eww...
After stretching out every other hole on his body, he's now moved to his nostrils.
Your title gave everyone else cancer
I don't even want to insult you.  You can do it better sitting alone 95% of your life.
Kermit after the muppets weren't popular anymore.
I bet you have like 2 friends who hang out with you all the time and they don't even like you. You're one of those people who tries too hard and fails each time. Your art degree will take you nowhere other than a position in the kitchen of a run down McDonald's flipping burger patties and getting grease all over your skin. 
Actually the roast would of been much more fun without you wearing that silly assed outfit.
Honey that outfit does you what your funny uncles do you. Fucked.
You rate yourself based on when people talk about being banged, that they mean they were physically hit, and that you're the most banged person in the world, and since everyone talks about banging as a good thing, you think your awesome.  You are 1 over the previous statement.
Well son I don't think that is the way you play that instrument but at least it a improvement from all the times you sat on it and tried to play it with you farts especially after you ripped somthing  
The fool is a gamer. His reality was lost long ago in fantasy. Plus he is a male hustler.
It's like you are trying to be the rarest Pepe ever. But you fail.