What does the Fox say? We're lame as shit 
Why didn't you get tiny Papa John and the pizza to stand next to each other?
theyre gonna give great hand jobs because guys simply can't be that desperate to actually fuck them
Marilyn Manson doing charity work for the extra slow kids 
L-R:  1. Your pussy would smell so bad 2. Yours would smell worse 3. You look half like Zach Hanson on meth and half like a plague doctor 4. You look like a strawberry vanilla cheesecake with a cherry on top 5. Your face is rougher than bitumen, your face looks like a burn victim 6. Straight up unfuckable. never
so you got two furfags who have gained enough courage to step out of the house, then you got androgynous pizza, you got daddy didn't love me, small fry, then the emo girl who Erotic role-plays in her spare time.
That unappetizing looking pizza costume represents the groups physical attractiveness as a whole pretty well. 
vices of OP in order from left to right:  special needs, micropeen, **cheese pizza** &amp;#3232;_&amp;#3232;, overweight grease impersonator [the vat of grease not the musical], skin condition and finally  *mirror mirror on the wall who's the ugliest of them all*   i feel a bit bad but you deserve it op
Guy in the pizza costume looks like he goes to obscure tech conventions and owns 10 cats
Is OP the girl in the pizza costume? Is she just hanging out with those people so she seems like a 3 by comparison? Instead of a 1.
This looks like the group of mentally handicap kids visiting a historical village.
I do hope those are DIY costumes cause I cant even comprehend someone being desperate or even gullible enough to buy those already made , you pathetic simple minded sub-basic sheeple losers !!
You guys are the reason why Hitler didn't just stop with the Jews 
Those tits are more low hanging than that pizza slice.
That dude in the red has more pepperoni face than the guy in the damn pizza costume. Get that dude Ellen drgeneres face shit. Lookin like bunch of bees stabbed your face 
Are you guys dressing up as the aliens from Men in Black?
A bunch of girls that want their tits touched with a bunch of guys that are too scared to touch them.
No costumes?  Are you all cheapskates
The chromosomes are over 9000!