Your parents would have been better off keeping the girl. 
Don't feel bad that your parents split because of you. They're the only things further apart than your eyes.
If I kicked your head, would I get 3 points?
When your family saw you for the first time, they knew they had to name you Sum Ting Wong  
I feel that if you shaved your head you wouldn't need a costume, you already look like an alien, you got the weird skull shape, not to mention those dark soulless eyes.
Your hair looks like it's quarantining itself and preparing for evacuation.
you look like an Asian Bert from Sesame Street
I've had QTips look very much like you after digging shit out of my ears.
you look like a mexican dark elf from skyrim
E.T. phone home
You look like the type of kid that sends pictures of your shits to your friends because you find it enjoyable
Why would I end you?  You look like a lovely young man with a lot of bright ideas and strong opinions to contribute to the COD community.  Don't expect negative things for yourself, you're amazing!  Lots of great people have done great things even though they are standing around in their mom's living room taking pictures for the internet, just like you are now!  You go get em!  I really like your shirts!  I saw a great deal on those the last time I was in K-Mart; the layered look is very 'in', so they tell me.  It helps pad our your shoulders and chest, especially with such an alien-esque, long face like that.  It's great that your mom has figured out how to dress you so well to cover those things up!
Are you the little girl Matthew Modine wasted at the end of Full Metal Jacket? Could you do an AMA?
You know that [alien head](http://previewcf.turbosquid.com/Preview/2014/05/23__14_25_29/shade.jpg2e503a3c-4bd6-4851-98b9-220df5b6cc62Larger.jpg)?  Yeah, it's based off of yours.
Says enough that you wrote that shit with a crayon.
We don't need to end you, statistically you're going to end yourself in the next 2-3 years.
Your face is an insult to your username, fried orange juice looks a lot better than that.
I think it would be easier if you just used the fan in the back.
You ended yourself at VA Tech already. 