You look like a Jeff Dunham puppet.
You look like a prepubescent Gilbert Gottfried but somehow even uglier.
Napoleon Dynamite gets cancer. 
It's not everyday I get to use the word 'snivelling'...so thanks for that.
Only someone with that face would buy two copies of the same game twice.
Your tooth to gum ratio is disturbing. 
When you went to the hairdressers did you just ask for "The Lego Man"?
I think your "sad lipless loser" costume looks great.
For god sake, close your mouth when you smile. At least until your adult teeth grow in. 
Congrats on getting through the chemo!
You look like a goddamn racist political cartoon.
You're the kid that stayed home on holloween.
You've got decent abs, too bad they're on your forehead.  Edit: you're/your
I'm voting for Pedro
You look like ET's bitch son with a stack of cheap games on the shelf. Those teeth would be best transplanted on a chicken.
When the morphine is still putting in work so your brother lets you have a second turn with the family cat
Trailer Parks! Land of inbreeders and blonds.
You look like dr.evil with hair.
You should definitely hang onto that shirt; it's collar is the closest thing you will ever get to resembling a vagina.
"Never been HOG roasted. Go easy GUYS"   There, I fixed it for you. 
how are we supposed to go easy on....that...
BOY, WHY THE FUCK YOU GOT TWO COPIES OF BORDERLANDS 2?!? 
Your teeth should be sticking out of the ground with names and death dates carved on them.
i bet you didn't go easy on your rape victims.
Yes, please.
So this is what happens when your sister fucks your dad...
You've got Smegma on your lips there
How did my shit escape the toilet?
"Go easy" like you did on all those incredibly difficult video games behind you? 
You might want to swap the glass bottle for a plastic one if you're going to be fucking yourself in your dried up pussy-looking eye holes
Nice bottle forced inside a bottle opening in the background, dork. Reminds me of when I bang your sister