How dumb do you really have to be to have to pre-trace 10 letters on a giant piece of white paper?
You look like the kind of guy who would get fingered by wolverine.
Back to the kitchen Abdul, my shawarma kebab isn't gonna make itself.
Really digging the way your head melts right into your neck.
Full ham? I thought that was banned in your religion.
Your mustache looks like a line of pubes, and your unibrow is as unshaven as my gooch. Need I continue?
Is this forced perspective or did you just piss off the witch doctor from Beetlejuice too?
ISIS called, they want you back
The twin towers fell because they cringed looking at you.
first time trying cocaine i see
Moses could separate a sea, but you can't even separate your eyebrows?
ich, pass on this one.  Cheaper models elsewhere.
You look like you smell like cabbage 
You look like a lesbian version of Dinesh Chugtai from Silicon Valley 
You fucking pre traced the words and still didn't follow the line correctly.
You need to stop using markers to go over your eyebrows. Surely from your sign you should realise your hand-eye coordination is terrible.
What first time? You've never had a 'first time'. 
Your face looks like the business end of cancerous baboons anus.
NYG
Genetics have roasted u enough, u don't need this sub
Who on earth would ask to be roasted, its like asking for someone to grab a spike, shove it up your ass and then shoot you 6 times in the brain while drinking poison.
I literally laughed out loud when i saw your eyebrow
you look like that greasy kid in the back of class who claims to be a hacker.
Normally people who are Halal don't eat ham... but i think in this case, the ham would choose not to be eaten by you.
How much is an ice tea at your 7/11?
When did this sub become roast Indians? Smh
Didn't you get arrested recently for building a clock?
So this is what tech support is doing when I call
I'll have 20 Marlboro please. 
Your fingers look like a bunch of bananas 
You look like Cheech &amp; Chong made a baby together.
U not only need some tweezers to trim up that caterpillar, go ahead and buy yourself a toothbrush and tooth paste 
Hey ease up on Mr. Bean! 
another ISIS sex slave purchase by some old creeper in York.