i wish she could've been born 500 years ago, so we could rightly label her as a soulless (red haired) beaver-witch and have her roasted properly.
Your friend should give a dentist a try 
You look like an anorexic version of carrot top if he was in a house fire.
The girl from Brave if her mom drank during the pregnancy. 
Her mouth looks like she deep throats fire extinguishers. 
Her face is trying to run away from her forehead.
I see carrot top pizza rat.
Hold still while I pop beer open.
Weird, I thought Roy Lee Dennis died. 
you look like a younger, uglier version of Doc Brown
It's like her gums decided to grow between her front teeth instead of above the rest of her teeth.
Do you see that restroom sign behind you for men/women/handicapables/babies?  You aren't welcome there because there isn't a stall back there with hay in it for you to shit and piss in. 
You look like a weasly had an unwanted pregnancy with a retard and tried to have an abortion by drinking alchohol. 
Wow, that's really Brave of her
Shit that a galaxy s3? Weak
Here buttercup, want a sugar cube? Good horsie!
She looks like Jessica Rabbits retarded sibling.
You're perfect as the lead in the latest Off-Off-Broadway production "Ghetto Brave"
We know there is no "friend"
Can I land my helicopter on your forehead?
This what happens when Gophers eat GMO crops!
Those teeth look like cockchompers.
Nosferatu called... looking for his no-souled, ginger-haired long lost great grand-daughter
You look like Ed Sheeran's aborted child  
I kind of like magic-markered eyebrows
That's a sorry ass phone.
Pretty cool that [you still have that jacket.](http://heavymag.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/megadeth1.jpg)
You look like you have mommy *and* daddy issues.
I'm sure that one time, at Band Camp, you shoved a flute up your pussy. 
Life already did by making her a ginger.
She's cute 
She probably smiles so big to hide any signs of her desire to fuck every living thing on the planet.
cute and fun hooray!
Even her nose is trying to turn itself up and away from those snaggleteeth
Meh
Get those candy corn teeth fixed, Halloween was yesterday 
Look at those chompers! They look like Bruce's from Finding Nemo.
You're friends with... this?! She looks like Cousin Itt with side parting
Of all the mouthwash and modern whitening paste made today , what in that don't you even comprehend  , you pathetic , mangled haired , upwind stench of a loser !!