You four sum up everything that was shit about the 80s
You got the facial structure of a 3 year old and the hairline of a nutsack
Your squad goals should be to jump off a cliff 
I couldn't see the redheads fucked up nose in the other photo...now I'm not sure if she needs a plastic surgeon or a dentist more.   Ok, relationship guesses...phone guy is dating redhead but thinks he can do better. He can't. The goofy looking one (you know who you are) ironically is the the least fun of the group, and the chick with the five-head giggles nervously when he tries to kiss her, more because of his breath than that weird stiff-tongue thing he does...but that bugs her too.   Seriously though, smug guy should let duck-face borrow some conditioner. 
http://m.imgur.com/4Off7pG Aren't you this girl?  Still a more retarded version of carrot top. I don't think I've ever told a girl she NEEDS makeup
The Official r/roastme Poster Children for Bottom Feeders with no life but drugs, same sex attractions and STD's. No wonder that generation will self destruct.
Right to left.      The guy on the right is the oddball in the group, trying to fit in wherever he can so he feels like he has meaning. No one likes talking to him, but hes always there.       Girl in the yellow shirt views herself as the "cute girl" of the group, when in reality you are all outcasts. She is lowkey a bitch who is obsessed with art and instagram. She posts every picture she takes with artsy song lyrics from shitty indie rock bands with "deep" lyrics. Shes the type that reposts those traveling around the world pictures because thats all she really has going for her in life.      The "Cool" one. You smoke cigs for the vintage feel. You always wanted to fuck the girl on the left but she is not interested whatsoever in you. I don't blame her though, would be weird being with someone with no hobbies other than being a nobody.      The girl on the left likes to act "Hyper", but its actually her just hiding the fact she thinks her ADHD pills cause autism, which she now refuses to take after reading a picture about it on tumblr.    
This klan looks like they were ejected from a Walmart what's up with the geekie shit with the phone? At least the tall one could pass for a man.
Your school has a virgin club!
"The Hitlers on vacation.  Keeping it white."
Two women, one facing away from you, one covering up her mouth.  Says a lot.
Nice trying to hide those yellow stained buck teeth ,its all downhill from now on you pathetic putrid rotting gums sub-basic POS losers , FOREVER !!
You that autistic guy from Mr. Robot? 
You're the gay best friend's gay best friend
The only thing I see is two guys stuck in the friend zone 
You ladies are pretty.
Tall dude is a stud! He's got three chicks....they're all ugly, granted, but still-//
You suck.
The boy with the phone wants to suck the tall guys willy. The two girls are twits.