There's a recent study that indicates that the average person finds mixed race people more attractive generally than those from a single race. There could be a Darwinian explanation, with cross-breeding between diverse genetic backgrounds naturally leading to more genetically 'fit' people who tend to be more attractive. It's like you're single-handedly disproving this aspect of evolutionary theory. 
You look like Rihanna if someone threw acid on her face
Steve Buscemi.
I honestly can't tell whether you're a gay man or a lesbian.
You seem like the kind of person who uses an excessively uncomfortable amount of emoticons 
You look like a young Dennis Rodman, but with worse hair.
You seem like the kind of person who likes only the unpopular songs of Linkin Park and watches Gravity Falls all day.
You know those plants that are neither male or female? You're the human equivalent of that. 
BOTDF? Are you 12?
You look like the type of person who takes other's pictures and posts them on /r/RoastMe 
Does that hoodie zip up any further? 
The only thing as dire as your music taste, is your hope of a successful future. 
You are the WORST kind of mixed race. Your parents must look like shit.
Please pull that hood down over your face
i think u mean loves big dicks
You look like a ratcoon with mange. 
This picture says "loose butthole".
So, not only don't I know what sex you are, but I don't even know what species you are.
a/s/l ?
"Scooby?"
Is this what you do while waiting for your crack connection to call you back?
You're the person suburban white kids mean when they say "I'm not racist, my best friend is black."
You look like you're about as confused whether you're black or white as the panda on your hoodie. 
I'm confused to whether or not your an 17 year old emo boy or a 38 year old lesbian bar tender
Looks like Timon killed a panda and wore its skin
You look like you smell bad
You used the fucking "XD" face, so you've already roasted yourself.
Fuck off.
You love crack pipes too
It says it's a roast but it looks like an autopsy. Either way, the first thing we notice is the habitual use of crack cocaine. 