Iowa is a mountainous region compared to that plywood chest.
Zack and Cody's transgendered brother that Disney tried to cover up.
Trap thread?  Trap thread.
I look at this image of a weaboo and I can literally taste the "xD"
I feel as though "shitlord" is probably the most used word in her vocabulary.
If Justin Beiber went otaku 
I honestly thought "she" was a typo, from the thumbnail.  Not sure why we need to destroy her, the parents already did
I have a strange feeling that you say "The Master of Disaster" when referring to yourself. I'm gonna take a guess your local comic book store banned you for jacking off to some manga or shit in the store as well.
Can we get this submission removed? This little boy is way too young to be posting here.
You look like Steve from American Dad
She looks like a wee boy.
You look like a member of a cult that victimizes kittens.
You could be cute if you'd just... if you'd... yeah well no. Sorry, I tried.
Your ugly, bright shirts are not enough to distract us from your non existing tits.
You look like Jennifer Laurence's failed abortion by excessive drinking and smoking crack
She looks like a he. 
This is a time when spelling is important. You misspelled "he" twice and "closeted homosexual" (you spelled it weaboo).   I know, it's the internet. It's not a formal place but come on, guys.
I bet your in your room all day trying to master champions on League of Legends hoping that one day you and your other weeb friends will be the best team in the world and win championships. Your mom tells you its a waste of time but you tell her that you and your friend can win millions of dollars off of competitions, but we know that you and your friend are crap. And we all know your trying to start up your twitch career but you know its been a year and you still only get two views per stream(Yourself and your mom) with your crap mic and low quality commentary. You cant be a cam girl although you try, because you don't have any tits. I'm done i don't want to completely burn  you time take you out the oven.
inb4 Filthy Frank
You look like a combination of Hank and Rusty from The Venture Bros.
She looks like she's going through a middle school lesbian phase
Looks more like a weaboy
Nice tits!  Oh wait, wrong thread!!
You look like ellen degeneres' younger gayer sister
"She"?
She?
She? no way, there has to be a dick somewhere on that boy
She looks like she'd fit right into J-Pop boyband 
You look like an even more autistic version of that sonic kid
even the weaboos dont want her
Too late, she might be half-weeaboo already. Her hair isn't fooling anyone.
You'd probably be cute if you never opened your mouth 
Rayman?
Sooo desu neeee
Looks like you got some of your girlfriends period blood in your hair from earning your red wings. 
Justine Bieber. 
Sword or sheath?
What the fuck's a weaboo?
Those dimples, ugh!
I didn't know we could roast early-2007 Zac Efron without Disney's permission.
Jinky! 
SHE?
Your hair looks like some random girl wiped her period on. 
She?
Can I get a gender check on aisle five?
"She"
She's always hearing: "You look down."   That's only 'cause her neck can't lift her head back up.
....She? We sure?
You misspelled "he"
She? Are you sure?
Guys, nothing we can say will hurt her.  After all, the milky bar kid is strong and tough.
You look like autistic child of Hank Hill and Ellen DeGeneres
I out a lot of items in storage over the winter. Can I put them in your dimples instead?  
She?
Where's your boobs?
Sorry...."she"??
She looks like a bobble head. Big head, very thin body.   EDIT: OP,  please get us a gif where she bobbles her head. PLEASE? 
Happy birthday, Kyle!
\&gt;she
What was it like coming out to your parents?
This girl (?) Looks like the product of a shame filled experimental night between Jim Parsons and Ellen DeGeneres
Justin Bieber + Thai Lady boy = You.
Nice try Chris Hansen.
ITT: "She?"  Half assed.
I bet your career aspirations involve graphic design! 
Well, it's not like anyone in Japan is going to want to fuck you either.
I've seen a bigger rack on a 12 year old.
Lord forgive me...  You look like Justin Bieber raped Ellen Degeneres and both attempts at an abortion failed.
konnichiwa senpai, please notice me.. /s
my friends didin't belive me when i told them i'm gay. I would bang her as a prove
She?
"It's a trap"
This is what Justin Beiber would look like if he grew up in Oregon. 
as the doctors removed the penis they said, "transformation complete".
I don't see her.  Is she standing behind 2009 Justin Bieber?
She looks like the type of girl with a feminine penis. 
This looks like the next generation's Belladonna's "Before" picture.
You have plenty of boyfriends yet cany figure out how to keep one, it's you
You look like an middle age mom from an 80's sitcom.
If there was a stereotypical way lesbians could flame, you'd be the biggest fire 
Oh that's ....um..... well.... right, ok!
You straight up look like a pencil.
Why are you talking about yourself in third person. It's posted from your own account 
meh
You look like Justin beiber if he was hit by a car. This is probably the worst haircut I have ever seen in my life... Ever.   I would not know if I should call you he or she the first time I met you, so I would be very uncomfortable.
She?
she'll be really cute when the transition is complete.
I think you misspelled he
does she also claim she isn't a boy?
Her? All i see is a dude. 
[deleted]
ill destroy that little poopchute   it will look like a blown out scruntchie when im done
[deleted]