Want to know something "you don't know?"  If you control your food intake you won't look like an overinflated tire.
Looks like you are trying really hard not to taste the note.
A salad is a dish made from various vegetables. 
nobody sugarcoat any of their insults because she might eat them.
Your eyebrows and that post-it are the only thin things in that picture.
Are you a member of the "chin" dynasty?
You're fat
That ring wasnt expensive because of the diamonds, it was expensive because of how big it needed to be
I bet you sob into a peach cobbler every night
Why would I roast you? It seems you've already been deep-fried. 
By "something you don't know" do you mean the salad menu at a restaurant?
You look like the kind of girl who pats herself on the shoulder for drinking diet pop. Patting yourself on the back would require effort 
You look like if that girl in Brave started binge eating. 
You have more chins than a Chinese phonebook 
I don't have to see what your husband looks like to now he definitely settled for less.
your forehead looks like the skinniest part of your body.
You're going to be the aunt that gives everyone a Barnes and Noble gift card for Christmas. 
A human's diet should be primarily fruits and vegetables. 
Your face has a great personality. 
Wendy needs to stop eating her own product.
1-800-597-jenny. Definitely something you didn't know... 
how to say no to 2nd through 5th helpings. 
I can't believe someone put a ring on it. 
You look like if someone pricked you you would pop like a water balloon.
Im sorry, I nearly forgot your roasting, I was so distracted of the fact that your forehead is so big that it looks like the next target for Osama bin Laden.
I'm not saying that you're a cow. mainly because I hate stating the obvious.
I'll tell you something I didn't know:   I didn't know moo moos came in a solid color.
I can tell you don't know how to say no to a cheeseburger.
Youre still wearing your Michelin Man halloween costume I see
She is the female version of jigsaw. I Mean look at her jaw. 
Dieting
I'm surprised those sausage fingers don't have bite marks on them.
There was a mix up at the hospital.  Turns out you're a missing Judd.
The ring tells me you have at least one kid and your father is a gun enthusiast.
There's a small cute redhead tight above your post that you look like the fat monster version of. 
Which jello mold is that?
See you are doing fine after the hospital stay for getting face smacked with a skillet
Quit stealing the costume jewelry from Goodwill!
I'm glad your taking time out to enjoy your finger before it turns blue :)
Roasting you would be a fire hazard
If you want to be properly roasted you need an apple in your mouth.
seeing you hurts my soul , you wouldn't understand ...you don't have one 
You look like a honey bun
Well... At least you have nice teeth
Behind every fat woman is a beautiful woman.  And you're standing in her way.  
You like Carrot Top fucked Mrs. Potatohead.
PAM! GET BACK TO WORK! 
Buffalo Bill could use you to make a relaxed-fit suit.
Fat and disgusting
You look like the type who gets used as a cum dump and think it's because you're attractive
Someone actually put a ring on that!?
The most painful aspect of the way you are has to be the fact that you can see the pretty girl you would be if you would just stop eating, but you can't. You mother is right. 
Clearly you're overweight and have a Rumor-Willisesque Mrs. Potato-shaped oblongated dome; I'm curious, WHY in the world do fat ugly people come here to be ridiculed-? I mean, all you have to do is literally open the front door for that, Bessie
If she offered me a blowjob, I'd probably take it but would not be able to nut in her mouth