The sidebar explicitly states no roasting anybody with mental disabilities.
Mr. Long Head and No Shoulders sure as hell can be roasted.      If your eyebrows are capable of growing more hair than your pube beard can, then maybe you shouldn't grow a beard.      Are you too embarrassed to show your teeth when smiling because your teeth are a dentist's wet dream?  or is it because you're so socially awkward that you hardly ever smile and this is you trying really hard?      You probably have such square shoulders because that jansport probably weighs 200lbs from every book you'll need for the entire school year is in there.      your neck beard is fucking disgusting.  Do you have a dad to teach you how to shave?  
Thanks for making him take off his protective helmet for the picture.
that's the tallest midget I've ever seen. 
You look like Peter Dinklage's retarded son
Nice caveman eyebrows
Neck Beard loading...
He looks like Shrek when he drank that potion to turn into a human 
Your head looks like a giant mike and ike that fell out of someones mouth into a dust bunny. 
Stretchface McNeckbeard.
He looks like a special Will Forte
The only thing he's dunked is chicken nuggets. 
I wish P.T Barnum were still alive, you would make a killing off of this one. 
I'm glad Bud Bundy has found something to do with his days since Married with Children was canceled. 
It's like Eli Manning's head on a midget's stumpy body. 
What the fuck is wrong with his face?
He head looks like his fat momma sat on it
This guy doesn't even use smileys in his texts, he just sends the eggplant since that's the closest shape to his face. 
How old were you when you left The Shire?
You look like Ian Hecox with a touch of the downs.
Looks like his face got smash in from the sides on a iron was dropped on his face leaving that ridiculous smile on his face.
lol coming up in here when you're 4'4 and still go to preschool
Is this some kind of sick joke? Does he live in a fantasy world like all his friends do
Down syndrome Peter dinklige 
If Hugh Jackman, Colin Farell and Mike Myers gangbanged Rosie O'Donell would be less horrifying to watch than the end result of it we see here.
You look like a fully grown midget
When evolution goes wrong and stops in the middle 
I thought my phone distorted the image tbh. Was this photo originally a square?
You look like a 30 year old highschool student.
I've never seen a case of dwarfism and gigantism on the same person until now. 
So this is what happens when Wario has sex with a Toucan. 
Dude, grow the fuck up. Its obvious he doesn't know what you are trying to do to him. Your parents should be ashamed of you, you little shit. 