I thought gay porn stars made more than that?
With a salary like that you think you would be able to afford opening your eyes all the way.
60,000 hamburgers a year. You get roasted standing over the grill at work everyday. No need to come here.
I don't think human trafficking is considered a real profession.
60k is a lot for someone who has an extra chromosome
How many benefits are you claiming!
I'm pretty sure all two people you've slept with maintained that same facial expression throughout.
"whatchu want fam?"  "Give me the "serial killer on a budget" look."  "Say no more."
Is that line the only way you can get women?
you look like you take 60 cocks a week
60k? WOW! Get a load of this five figure baller with his dope ass Camry and shit. 
With nostrils like that I'm sure you can make 60k disappear real quick.....off a hookers ass.
And absolutely none of it was spent on personal hygiene. 
60k a year and you still at a shit barber
Wow you'd think with 60k you'd be able to afford something to shave that 5 o'clock shadow. You look like Joe Jonas if he was up all night stalking some random ass bitch
But yet, you crave attention from the Internet. 
I made $60k a year before I got a real job.
Landed a position beneath the desk of a politician?
The least you can do with all that money is invest in a real hair cut. Your Supercuts-style is garbage dawg. 
Sex trafficking really turns a profit these days huh?
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7992   &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/92405)
Being the millionth visitor on that porn site doesn't classify as a real job son
Huh, didn't know drugs sold for much.
you don't need 60k to kill your self. just get it over with. no one will ever REALLY love you. you are simply too annoying. You thought it changed when you got older? that people stopped making fun of you? but everyone still does. Everyone hates you, and they are only talking to you out of pity.  The only way to make it okay again is by killing yourself. 
make sure you ask your brother Jared how good 5 dollar foot longs taste in prison
You drive a new Camaro with a pin stripe to help alleviate your overall dullness around women.
Do people pay you to shit on your white hoodie?
You look like a pug in human form and you spend the 60k on dog chow.
i'd much rather make less money, eat bacon and not get 'randomly" searched when passing security thankssssss
60K A year?  Wow. Like that is almost above the poverty line. I know a 20 yr old who is going $8750. a week, at the bottom of the ladder.  So dream on OP, 60k won't even buy you a decent ride. Let alone a home worthy of you and your mother.
60 grand?  Bitch I have student loans outstanding that are 3x's that amount. 60k is chump change.  
I make double that, and I'm better looking.  I don't need to roast you.  