He is definitely not a bad ass. But he does have an ass for a chin.
The most badass kid on the short bus 
You try to impress non-anime loving girls with your Spike Spiegel cosplay, don't you?
He looks like Andy Samberg and Mark Zuckerberg's child with an extra chromosome
His ass is lovely. It's just a shame it's on his chin.
Your jaw and chin look 20 years older than your face. 
Your hair looks like if I don't shave my pubes for two years.
What kinda badass is openly a weeb?
The guy in the poster is even thinking:  "What a bad..... ass"
You look like someone who thinks they are good at magic tricks.
Even the anime character in the poster is cringing at his ballsack chin
even the anime in the background is disgusted by you 
He is so bad ass, he can stare down two guys in two directions at the same time.
He probably thinks that because he can blow his nose and wipe his ass at the same time. 
His face looks like there's something bad up his ass
Tell me why he looks like retarded mark zuckerberg
was he referring to his character on the MMORPG he plays when he's not crying himself to sleep?
nothing says badass like a jewfro and jerking off to mlp and anime
He's so cool all the girls in anime would totally fall in love with him. 
You look like Lil Dicky's retarded younger brother
If Dennis Reynolds was a kissless virgin
I agree honestly. That chin is pretty bad.
[deleted]
I'd agree that he is badass.  His face looks like a bad ass that a pony has raped for hours without lube.
With the size of that nose I am suprised Hitler didn't roast you
He looks like a retarded Ted Mosby 
You look a shorter, squatter, uglier, less-talented and less-funny Screech
You look like a failed ad for antidepressants because the directors said "we can't advertise a picture that shows the side effect that makes you want to kill yourself"
So who does he masturbate to more? The anime pretty boys or Rocket Raccoon? 
Did he actually say he loves the smell of a badass?
Do not take your gun to school tomorrow
It's a shame that no girl will want to see those posters in person.
Rodney Dangerfield. 
Didnt you just shoot up a movie theatre?
You look like you are about to shoot up a school