If you spent half as much time on your career as you do on your arms you might not be in such a shitty fucking kitchen.
It's going to be tough busting your balls considering there isn't much of them left. John McCain can raise his arms higher than you
That's pretty nice for a halfway house.
You're an inspiration to all special Olympic weight lifters.  
Evident by a fucking mirror in your kitchen, I feel like you're the kinda guy who has mirrors all over your trailer.  Like a chick come over for some Netflix and put her drink on the end table and realize a strategically placed mirror directly at her biceps.  It takes a second but she realizes that you got odd placed mirrors all over the place so you can see your muscles while your literally doing anything.    She sneaks out when your trying to find your penis to pee.
What if we don't roast you? You gonna go back to beating your wife?
I always wondered what happened when people with Downs went to prison. TIL 
You can tell who is the "little bitch" in his relationship , you'll find him hanging out in the kitchen !! 
Bwhaha, look at all that synthol!
Muscles of a man; handwriting of an epileptic 4 year old.
Looks like you're physically unable to wipe your own ass
It's the down syndrome hulk. Where's the rest of the special avengers?
I think this post just the set record for "most obvious overcompensations to hide insecurity".
When i look at you I see a scared pussy overcompensating on his physical feature to hide the fact that inside you are tortured by fear. No matter how many weights you lift it will not replace the shallow superficial hole in your soul. You are the spitting image of the devolution of man. After reading these roasts you probably punched a hole in every door in your studio apartment out of roid rage. Which will eventually get you thrown in jail. While you sit there rotting away as a waste of human flesh, you will notice that your peers are of equal intellectual ability. You finally will be able to get the bonding your crackwhore of a mom never gave you.
You're like an uglier, insignificant Mr. Clean.
Spent all of his money on steroids and couldn't afford a decent apartment. 
Never understood when people know steroids makes your dick small they still go ahead with it.  I bet your the most popular power bottom at the local gay club.
If only there was a Jersey Shore for skin heads...
You know how to lift but you're clueless how to close a cabinet
You look like you would have trouble following the instructions on the back of a Pot Noodle.
Ewwww, one of those little men who steriods up to be a stud (while his package atrophy's  into a thimble and never works again), 
If you're done showboating, feel free to get back to cooking your hungry man dinner and watching reality tv reruns by yourself in your shitty ass apartment, then go sleep in your smelly twin bed so you can get up tomorrow, not shower, and drive your busted up Honda accord to your backroom job at Kmart before spending another afternoon alone at the discount gym flexing in the mirror.
if your head were any shinier, people may mistake it for the aurora borealis 
You look like Matt Lucas on roids
Thank you for standing so far away so you don't crack the mirror
Steroids are bad for you
If I'm firing up my grill it won't be to roast a poorly stuffed sausage link in a tank top.  COME AT ME, BROUGHT!
You look like your name should be Grunt Jamhammer.
[What you look like during winter.](http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_2a4y-KC071I/TQFenngbLNI/AAAAAAAAAIw/iXhcUIcSZXo/s1600/Randy-Snow-Suit-A-Christmas-Story-2.jpg)
I don't see how you can get that big with only condiments in your kitchen. 
$20 says he takes out at least one cop before they gun him down during an arrest attempt after he murders his wife.  Any takers?
Since you spend well over half your budget on steroids and what's left on your shitty apartment, what do you need to do for food? 
It's like I said when you submitted your pitch for the show, "Losing Hair, Gaining Muscle!!!", beating up one of our stagehands isn't a great way to get a foot in the door. And honestly I can't stress this enough, yet again, I don't care what your finger smells like.  P.S. - I know the stagehand guessed "your mom", but I'm pretty sure your finger smells like whey protein and sadness.
I bet you get called chicken legs a lot
You look like you photoshoped your head into a picture of a generic strong dude
"My arms bigger than yours"... yea but I don't need a [poop brush](http://www.elderstore.com/freedom-wand-self-wipe-toilet-aid.aspx) to wipe my ass because my muscles get in the way.
Uses the sign to cover up the fact he skips leg day
You look like you wish your dick was at least half as long that middle finger
You look like the kind of guy who skips leg days
You scare women.
Why don't you make me a fucking sandwich first?
The first person to get big from suckling dicks.
Very gay bra  n  tiny nuts too
Tfw u have a dick for a head 
I feel like you have a mirror across from your toilet and bed so you can watch yourself while you tug what little penis you have left.
Guys we have a celebrity here! It's [David Ryder](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RFHlJ2voJHY)
With the roundness of your head you'd give Karl Pilkington a run for his money.
Huh, a wifebeater wearing a wifebeater.