He's half right.
You may think you're hot shit but all I see is a lukewarm turd
Steve-O's retarded brother 
He thinks he's hot shit because he truly believes in the saying, "You are what you eat."
Very hairy for a ladyboy. 
He beats off to pictures of himself, beating off.
You look like you bowl competitively.  Jk 11/10
Uncle Pete know you are putting yourself out for display?
You look like that kid in highschool. Nothing more than that... you just look like that kid in highschool.
Well, he got the shit part right.
its like an alternate universe, where Oscar Pistorius is still in the Paralympics but because he's a retard
This looks like the type of kid who brags about jerking off
He's dressed like a runner but all he's running from are his homosexual urges. 
Apparently your slogan is 'Always skip arm day'.
What's up with this shit? Your big pink rabbit can be plainly seen kid.
I'm going to watch this one closely.
This used to be Lance Armstrong. Meth is hell of a drug.
His head looks photoshopped on
Too easy. Next. 
[deleted]
I can't even find something to roast, you're perfect 
That chair seems to get a lot of use. You and your other two friends must spend a lot of time in that chair together. 
You're balding. How's that feel, at your age-?
Real world PC Principal
you look like parry cox's retarded twin 
Looks like Adam Sandler's retarded brother finally found the spotlight!
I bet your foster parents think so too
He looks like the lance Armstrong of the special olympics
Op, you got something to tell us ? https://i.imgur.com/YKdeFBd.jpg
you probably spend money on those glasses after someone told you that you looked good wearing them. You put them on, hoping that you will, some day, someone would care about you. but no one ever will.
You're about as appealing as a hot shit
his shit feels hot because of the blisters in his asshole from being pink socked constantly
Hot shit? No.  Dip shit?  Yes.
Remember Sid from toy story? This is his retarded brother.
You're as queer as the designer chair you're sitting on 
The guy who got hazed and did all the initiation stuff for a frat and they still didn't let him in.
He may believe he is the 2nd coming too...but I can infactically  state, he has very little packing in those shorts
Awww, he's got his arm around his imaginary girlfriend! :) 