Your dick is probably as white, skinny, and unimpressive as the rest of you 
I've seen this horrible couch before....there are colors that one never forgets  http://imgur.com/uYTy8pv
You look like you're scared of where your own hand is going how on earth could you expect a woman to go there
I hope that's foam hand sanitizer you're going to masterbate with
you look like an anorexic lawn gnome 
You forgot the tweezers.
Are you sure you are striving for the ladies? That bottle of lube speaks for itself. That boner is not world class but can be useful in certain circumstances. The puppy pad you are sitting on remains a mystery. 
HAHAHA I see the poor kids woodie too.  Dude you are a douche.  Stick with  gayporn you ain't ready for prime time and the VIEW.
I was once a skinny white boy once.  Then I went to college and became a skinny straight boy hunter. You kiddo, have a ways to go with that method your promoting. 
Constructive criticism:  Shake those sweats, slip into some tighty whities. Then  repost.  The ladies wanna see the goodies first. Disappointment and all.
The biggest travesty here is the white socks with black pants.
Who ever picked out the color of the chair you are planted in, needs to be assraped more than you want it.  What's up with the hardon?  You need to show this picture to your momma.  I'm going to upvote you anyway. You at least have balls---and other things.
You have so much in common with Bruce Jenner, ugly as fuck, no dick, and in the process of becoming a woman
I now know why your buddy is wearing sunglasses indoors. 
Please turn the lights off the next time you want to take a picture. My eyes are literally burning. Spare us of the horror
I can promise you the ladies will not be responding
This kid looks like his mom walked in on him him mid stroke with a finger in his ass and made him pose for this picture as punishment for such a sin
Caught!
Did the camera man have to help you finish finding your dick after this was taken?
Al Bundy in training... Or is it Ted Bundy? ... Eh, probably both.
I guess that's the casting couch for people without jobs. 
Getting your Skype session with Jarred from Subway ready?
By ladies you mean bitches.  And by bitches you mean your dog and a jar of peanut butter.  
Do you honestly think you look good shirtless?, like do you look in the mirror and think that your upper body is in any way impressive?
You're not wearing shoes because if you were you'd hamg yourself with the laces 
dude, you try way too hard to be funny. 