Boy, girl, whatever.  You're still gonna be a truck driver.
Congratulations on transitioning from whatever to were to whatever you are.
I guess I missed the episode of Even Stevens where Beans came out trans
You know the silicone goes in your chest, not your cheeks, right?
You look like [meatloaf] (http://i.ytimg.com/vi/_wO8toxinoc/hqdefault.jpg)
Wash your fucking hair.
Now that you are a girl do you still suck dick?
It looks like someone already hit you with their best shot. Repeatedly.
You look like the definition of a neckbeard without having a neckbeard.
Your hair says "Hey look, I'm a girl!" But your face says "Let me sleep on it;  I'll give you my answer in the morning."
Transitioning to a hamster with those cheeks 
On the plus side, your moobs are probably big enough that you won't need breast implants.
So are you a girl who is a boy or a ...boy who is a girl?
Don't feel bad about having low self-confidence. I would too if I looked like you.
I love these "guess the gender" threads. 
You probably like to brag about your 15 attempted suicide attempts. 
You still look 100% like a guy. 
you already look like you're on the brink of suicide. are you trying to get us to push you over? maybe you'll find happiness when you accept that you were born in the wrong body and was really meant to be a gopher. 
Apparently "Self Confidence" is a brand of makeup
I'm glad you enjoy 80's music because no matter what gender you are, you're always going to look like Meatloaf.
With that nose, I bet you can smell your parents disappointment
So when you transitioned to female(?), why did you look at the woman from Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark as your inspiration?  http://booklikes.com/upload/post/b/e/be09255eedcfee6f10951a816c6931a9.jpg
You look like the yms guy if he ate too many pies
My contribution towards your lifelong struggle of misery....  http://i.imgur.com/Ot7lgvR.jpg
It seems like you got hit plenty already 
you look like a teen mom with 2 kids and that gets drunk and smokes all the time.
Looks like the only reason daddy lets you keep the MLP smut up is cause you keep his dick up. 
Show us your cock.
So fucking big you blocked the bat signal
Someone get a bucket. This one needs to be tossed in the trashcan.
Just jump in front of a freaking train for gods sake, Put yourself out of misery, 
your sex is listed as ''Bleecch!'' on your drivers license.
Go back
It looks like we all gave you our best shots. And then they congealed in your hair for about a year.
I guess you are the new type of trans that doesn't care about "passing" you just grow your hair out and tell people you're a girl now right? You probably won't even shave when you start growing facial hair and go on tumblr rants about people misgendering you.
I bet the surgeon that cut off your dick had a hard time not seizing the opportunity to fix that face. 
In extreme situations suicide is a viable option.
Another trap thread? Is this /r/roastme or /b/?
[removed]
I think you've missed the memo. It's resting bitch face that is attractive, not resting depressed face.
How does it feel to know there are tons of people who dont accept your kind?
Trans, what does that even mean anymore? Why can't people be normal? 
Hi point 9mm are cheap, use one to do your hair.
If only I had a gun.