Great job making sure your left hands aren't touching each other here, but soap and toilet paper aren't that expensive.
Gas station attendant is only one ethnicity.
Disregard the curry eating fuck in the background.   Source : am in the pic.
I bet that curry-eating fuck has gotten more pussy than all six of you combined.
Your mothers all had c-sections so you could say with confidence that you have never touched a pussy
Do you guys rap?  I hope so, 'cause rappers get shot.
Wannabe Gangsta ragheads.   Considering Mohammed was a baby molester, this group will make good chesters, since they already have been trained in the ways 
Couldn't afford a thicker marker, huh?
Who Needs The Kwik-E-Mart?... *I doooooooooooooooo!*
Suicide bombers, illegal migrants to Germany, (but not a one will spawn any kids since they all are bachiboys bought at the slave markets).  OK one might end up in the UK.
Admit it.  You all are friends with the dark one so you guys look lighter skinned.
Alright, now say cheese, and hold up how you prefer to finger the dude to your left.
Get back to work guys, that five dollar footlong isn't going to make itself. 
I've seen this porno!
ISIS Rejects?
Which one of you dickheads did the russian airplane?
I can litteraly feel my eyes burning from the intense smell of curry and musk coming from you unhygienic, coupon humping dick holes
Which one of you talks to the cops when you get pulled over?   I'm hoping the guy in the middle and not the one on the right. 
And by "school" you mean answer center.   
Math club mafia. 
When did you fall out of the tree monkeys?
Your in the middle east, don't throw up gang signs. It just doesen't work.
"Whalecum to my taxi kahb"
I can just see the BO and curry farts in this picture.
Don't keep you hands in that position for too long, they might stay that way and then you'll be jobless because you can't hold the tech support phone.
Were  those the finger positions you used when you gang raped a little girl ?
on the phone all their names will be "jeff" after they graduate.
So, do you just take turns with the child bride or what?
Hey, IT support finally showed up!