Gonna use that AK to defend your virginity?
Hey man, we're cool, right?
I can see it now "Controversial site 'roastme' has come under fire for degrading a young boy, sparking the latest in a series of school shootings"
Please don't shoot up your school, the other kids are only there to learn.
That's an adorable airsoft gun.    It'll be great when you plan on being even more annoying to your friends in school.
the deflated balloon to your right has more life in its eyes, sweet and sour porkface.
[deleted]
See, you're the kid who thinks he's a ninja and has some nunchucks and throwing stars. You think you're all cool and badass and can beat people up cuz you watched Naruto once. But you're that kid who has no friends and just watches anime all day until your stepmom calls you down for your chicken nugget dinner. 
Just remember when your UAV is online, make sure to point out enemy targets to your teammates. 
Yeah bro, I'd also want to go on a rampage if I was born with the face of a disgruntled lesbian.
Another drama faggot thinking he's the bomb because he's got onto a set.
Well, the AK series is the perfect weapon for you, it's not very accurate so you can blame your inability to hit any of the people you're going to try to shoot up at your school on the inaccuracy of the gun as opposed to your coke bottle glasses.... at least that might make you feel better.
You're either a bullied loser whose going to shoot all the kids that are better than him, it won't make you less of a loser, or a dumb loser who thinks holding a fake gun is going to make him look intimidating for the mean people online, it doesn't.
You think we should do something. Serious this was posted on am account no more than 3hrs old
Are you trying to be the Virginia Tech shooter?
You are the embodiment of the song Pumped up Kicks by  Foster The People.  &gt; *Quick edit. Band Name.
Straight Outta the Theatre Department Props Room!
Is that the gun you use to shoot yourself in the foot when you talk to girls? 
I would roast you, but I don't want to piss off the leader of North Korea
Your room is less of a disaster than your home life.
You should have stayed dead, Jeff Travolta.
/r/swordorsheath
The happyface balloon speaks it all. This twerp and his plastic playtoys....(including the one stuffed up his butt).
I once took a shit. You see, THAT was a pain in the ass. Now, I'd rather be taking that shit again
Don't worry man, I'm sure the comet will bring you along, and then all the sex you had with the cult leader will have been worth it.   Edit: a word 
I'd rather be nice to you so I can be on that list of people who get the "don't come to school tomorrow" text.
That pouty female mouth is going to be a problem when you get to jail
Mr Potato Head called and he wants his ears back.
Cool airsoft rifle. 
You know ISIS doesn't take gay right?
Hahaha you're such a... Such a... Never mind I love my life more than this roast apparently.
Ismael Ax
Did you make sure to look down the barrel and test the firing pin??
Smile man look at that airsoft gun and balloons you stole from a 10 yr olds b-day party
You guys do know that AK-47 isn't fake? I can tell, I have seen one similar to this. 
ISIS won't let you join. 
I didnt know Kim Jong Un had a little brother
Is that gun to protect you from Godzilla?
Did you take this picture in a Walmart employee break room? 
This seems like a sad attempt to get us to push you over the edge and go on with that shooting. There's no way that's a real gun because you wouldn't be able to lift it with your fat, weakling arms. 
Knock off version of Joseph Gordon-Levitt
Ahh the infamous schoolshooter!
Looks like the short bus has a very relaxed open-carry policy
I'd tell you not to point it at your face, but it looks like you already fucked it up pretty bad.  And happy 12th birthday.
Oh boy,  You look like a call of duty character reject Look like the cover model for "I'm A Virgin Monthy" Look like Rosie o Donnell lesbian sister Look like you got the Donald Trump toupee starter kit Get him. 
That gun is fake.
You look like private pyle's lesbian sister 
Yeah you'll need that gun, you'll never have guns.
Birthday. He asked for private parts enlargement. Got a gun instead.
"thanks for the candy"
Man every part of your face is swollen, like it's allergic to itself.
I didn't know you could get guns that big made of chocolate. Are you angry it doesn't shoot peanut butter?
Good, I see you have the perfect suicide weapon ready for the big day.
If you're going to shoot up your school then you might want to open your eyes Ling-ling.
This is the picture they're going to use for you on the news after you shoot up your school.   Or the elementary school the girl you have a crush on goes to.   
I bet that smiley face balloon is the only thing to ever smile at you. 
Nah im good, I'm not trying to die in the cafeteria. 
You made glorious leader the second dumpiest korean.
You have a very exotic look. Was your dad a G.I. or something?
Asian Hitler lmao
You seems so racist..just with little PS You can seems like Hitler.
do it pussy
I hope I am the one you say to "Brooks, I like you. Now, get out of here. Go home"
Alright, we get it. Some of us are cool. Where should we stay away from tomorrow now?
I like your airsoft gun... 
Shoot yourself in the mouth with that rifle and splatter your brains on that wall like your dad should have splattered his load.
/r/cringe /r/blunderyears
you're the kind of guy that people freak out about if they see you digging through your backpack
oh great, here we go again. 
You like like a warm and friendly person who is loved by the ladies.
Look its Kim Jong Un's secret son, poised to take his dad's throne in a coup d'etat by plotting his revenge in his grandmother's basement in Sandusky Ohio while simoulstaneously playing 36 hours straight of Starcraft 2. 
Oh my god, that edge bro. Too intense for me.
Nice airsoft rifle, go get a real gun and use it on yourself.
some of you kids are alright. Don't go to jimmy's birthday party tommorow
didn't know dylann roof had glasses
Are you in your family's dry cleaner?
if i insult you, will you take your anger out on a school full of children?
Airsoft is for pussies and military wannabe posers.
Now now, Dylan. Finish your Burger King, THEN you can kill your family.
Home Alone 4: White Privilege 
It looks like you broke into some kid's birthday party and held everyone hostage so you can livestream your roasts. 
What's it like storing 90% of your body fat in your head? It gives you the chinky eyes.
The balloon smiles why can't you
The saddest part about your picture is that it makes me not want to roast you. 
Your face droops downwards. The only excusable reason for this is bullies that need to punch you downwards because even they dare not stoop to your level.   I would be concerned you would shoot up a school but I think your too much of a pussy, the balloons in the background show your probably about to go shoot up a group of preschoolers or blow your own head off because mom just doesn't understand your a big boy now who wants a flashlight to wank with because its the closest thing you will get to a real girl, instead she got you kiddy balloons and drinks herself to sleep each night wishing she had a girl. 
they are gonna read this read this entire thread on the news after you shoot up your school.
Are you going to use that AK to shoot up a school after we roast you 
How long did it take you to get the orange safety tip off the front of that barrel? 
Why he look like his dad is one of those Stonehenge head mo'fo's
How soon till this is on gawker 
Well armed to defend against the herd of women not tearing down your door...  
[This is you.](http://www.comedycentral.co.uk/sites/default/files/styles/carousel_wide/public/cc_uk/arc/2012/11/08/afcd7a34-8d8f-438f-b798-a666d8052449.jpg?itok=Iyw5KMMQ)
I dont know whats worse. Getting one of those bbs to the balls or having to look at your face one last time.
So how much of you high school years where spent stuffed in a locker?
Nice airsoft gun. We all think it makes you look so tough....
Those balloons are as deflated as your sense of self.   Also, your face looks  like Mickey Rourke had a stroke when he was 12. 
You look like a white Kim Jong Un who has downs 
Looks familiar... https://i.imgur.com/mCmtM6n.jpg
oh no not the spray painted nerf gun
You look like a disabled child desperately trying to look Aryan master-race in 1940s Germany
See you on the front page  Of your local news
Good luck trying to beat Cho's high score.
I bet you have a kick ass collection of swords to go with your airsoft collection, and your magic card collection, and your Pokemon collection, and your virginity...
Oh an asian with an AK... Never seen that before.
Aim high young man...... and I'm not talking about your life goals.
your face is repulsive mate.  put on a Clinton mask when you blow up your school
Should have conformed to stereotype and help up a Math book instead. You'd have seemed more dangerous.
Motherfucker can see in to the future with lenses like that.
Something tells me that's not the only big black gun you've had.
See you in school tomorrow
Sweet forehead gains bro.