REPORTING SIR!  HAIRLINE IS IN FULL RETREAT!  THE GUT CONTINUES TO ADVANCE WITH NO SIGN OF STOPPING!  BROOMY 82 IS STILL VALIANTLY DEFENDING THE MESS HALL!  OVER AND OUT!
Show us your tits.
You're the kind of guy that quit boot camp on day one and went back to your McDonalds job, right?
"Army Strong"
Your hairline is so far back it just invented the wheel.
I don't know what's worse, your gut being caged by suspenders, or your receding hair line. 
you look worse than pvt. gomer pyle, after the bullet to the face
Not only did you get an armband, but you got a tribal armband. Must suck trying so desperately to fit in. 
G.I. Slow
Going to be a boy?  Or a girl?  Are you taking your prenatal vitamins?  The father of this child ok with you wearing suspenders?
You totally put that sharpie up your butt didn't you?
I fucking love Tenacious D!
You sure got a purty mouth
You dress up like GI Joe before cruising the Middle Schools?
It was funny when Bill Burr says he supports 98% of the troops, but now I get it. 
Nice tribal tattoo... how did you feel when the Army lifted "don't ask, don't tell"? 
Do you draw your cool tribal tattoo on with that Sharpie every morning or is that just used to fill in your receding hairline?
Does your sister's pussy taste like your dad's dick?
Big old assed queen! You and the other girls are way beyond hope.
Something about men who wear suspenders.  I guess that is one way to keep the plug stuck in the bugger.
Why you looking like Forest Gump's alcoholic second cousin fam
You look like Dale from King of the Hill
Get off reddit dad.
Now we know who took all of the MRE's.
You look like the kind of guy who would shoot his drill Sergent then blow his own brains out in the bathroom
Thank you for serving our country and McDonalds. 
McDonald's Veteran 
What the fuck are you?
I'm in full support of boobs on the ground 
I don't like the name broomy82. Only faggots and sailors are called brommy82.  From now on, you're Gomer Pyle!
Reservasaurus Rex
You are why I joined the Marines.
Private Pyle reporting for duty
Do you keep a can opener in the bathroom because you just can't wait to stop pooping to open that next can of chili?  Also is this a Bill Dauterive costume?
You are the definition of military surplus.
Did you use that sharpie to draw your tribal tattoo?
You almost have me rooting for ISIS.
Your tattoos are tacky as fuck and you look like the kinda guy who always wears camo so people everywhere know you were in the army. No one cares.
Put the uniform away, you're not fooling anyone
It looks like Moses parted your hairline 
"After all those tiresome years of war, I've now come to full circle with myself and what I've done... as I am bewildered by the magnificent and mysterious enchanting embrace of... *THE LIGHT BULB*"
They should make a second type of suspenders to keep that belly off the floor.
You look like Hank Hill on drugs
Of course he has a meaningless tribal tattoo to go with that hairline and beer gut.
If I knew they station people in front of  Burger King I would've been join the army
Go back to raping homeless kids you inbred hick!
wearing camo doesn't make you fit like a soldier
Intellectually challenged kid joined the army to have "a life purpose". 
You look like a real life retarded minion out of his gear 
You look like a depressed skinhead.
Thank you for your service, I guess. 
You're that guy who dresses up like a soldier to get discounts on Black Friday aren't you?
Sweet tribal fag
So proud to see you protecting me. All 600lbs of you.
Looks like the only place you've raided was a Krispy Kreme.
http://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=http://fitfordragoncon.files.wordpress.com/2011/11/south-park-gamer.png&amp;imgrefurl=http://fitfordragoncon.com/2011/11/03/fitocracy/&amp;h=281&amp;w=365&amp;tbnid=WLAF2ZLopz1pvM:&amp;docid=iNWD8NW9RF2bxM&amp;ei=o_I3VoDyI4WPmQGokLjAAQ&amp;tbm=isch&amp;client=ms-android-verizon&amp;ved=0CBwQMygAMABqFQoTCMDPgpHz8sgCFYVHJgodKAgOGA you look like this guy with less hair
Does posting this violate your profile?
Did they forget to teach you how mirrors work during training? Your sign is backwards. 
What's your Stormfront user name?
When you joined the military, how many "towel heads" did you say you were going to kill?
Burgett, is that you, you fucking shitbag?!?!?!
AR 600-9 has everything we need. also, you look like the stereotypical mad 18 year e-6 on "profile."
How many of your rape victims have you made squeal like a pig?
Homer Simpson wants his look back!
at ease General Fatton
suspenders aren't in regs sarn't! also, you're not making tape. 
Pretty sure for this sort of activity your reflective belt is mandatory, but you probably haven't seen it since the last time you actually did PT. In 2003.
I've seen some fat soldiers in my day, but you take the cake. And all my friends cake.
Never seen someone use a ratchet strap for a belt, but I guess that's probably the only way you could get it *that* tight
Your outfit says military, but that gut and angry look on your face says "the next mass killer". 
We found out where all the experimental MREs are hidden. Get your bitch tits outta here 
Your pt score is gravy.
Whats up with this shit Bubba?  Ok so you stuffed a wash cloth down your pants to increase the peckerbump.  That bald head. Dude, it is blinding!  THose man boobs. You really should hit Walmart for a trainer bra.  Are you a player?  Catcher?  
Big, squishy looking guy next to a mirror, with a sharpie, with 'tough' tattoos. Are you faking being a tool, cause I am sure you are one on your own.
So how was your weekend ~~camping~~ drilling with your ~~racist paranoid antigovernment~~ militia buddies? 
I guess it's all downhill after bootcamp.
Thank you for your service!