Music helps her pass the time while the men don't call
First Chair for skin flute
You look like you went to the hairdressers and asked for the post-exorcism look.
Are those miniature handcuffs at your waist? What kind of kinky leprechaun stuff are you into?
Its ok not everyone can pull off the natural look.
Ah, the pasty band dork that many have slept with, but zero have told anyone about.
She's going to have that awkward conversation with her friends one day.. "Hey, has your pussy juice rusted your flute too?"
You look like Blake Anderson from workaholics, freshly shaven.
You have just enough going on in your life not to kill yourself.
Your hair looks like the girl's from Brave minus anything appealing about it. 
You look like Lorde's brother.
At least medusa could look in a mirror and kill herself
I can't imagine what your bush looks like
someone set that tinder on fire to remove that awful face im not sure if you're Jewish but if you are it makes me rethink eugenics...
That butterface where makeup miracles has decided to accept reality call's it quits on this one !!
Im sure the cello gets more action then you do!
your hair cut looks like something from back to the future.
You look minutes away from death.
It's like if the main character from "Brave" somehow had even fewer interesting qualities.
That sheet of paper has more color than you.
Eddie veder fell off
Hitting a c note will be the only high note of your life
She looks like that crack addict lesbian from Orange Is The New Black. 
Based on how much you chew your nails, your hair isn't the only thing that's wired all the time.
You own a motivational poster that says:  No regrets. Never look ~~back~~ in the mirror
I bet your ass hair looks like a Brillo pad
The "lion" sleeps tonight....with the neighbor and the bag boy and teacher...
i guess back to the future got something right
salon - "how can we help you?" you - "give me the Mongolian pube look"
You look like Lorde's cousin, Oh My Lorde.
Its a upside down dirty mopp
You look like you gave up halfway through trying to get dreadlocks
She's pretty, pretty ugly
She seems like she's most comfortable on all fours
[deleted]
You look like an anorexic from the waist up and a boulemic from the waist down.
If I give you a hit of crystal meth, will you blow me? 
You look like a hairy vagina
Merida SO THATS WHERE YOUVE BEEN 