Your pic has been swiped left so many times it made your hair  start going that way.
you fixy my tablet chop chop?
Why'd the mods let a rooster on the subreddit?
literally having a brainwave
You look like a Chinese made paint brush. 
Exhibit A- The downfall of Eastern Civilization.  Notice the absurd hair style desperately vying for any kind of attention with a futile attempt at fashion, despite the devastating effect this has on its face and any semblance of gender.  Unsurprising considering the near blindness this person apparently navigates with comically narrow eyes behind ironically large glasses, leaving it with vision as lacking as its eyebrows.  The forced smile though really brings it home with a solid lie about about a nonexistant promising future.
In order to properly roast you I need to first determine if you are the owner of a penis or a vagina.
It looks like someone applied the erase tool from Photoshop to your hair irl
You already wasted all the roast on your cat.
Well you've got shrapnel in your forehead
didn't you mean to post in /r/Justfuckmyshitup ?
You look like one of those asians who shits the bed in school and wears adidas tracksuits but the school know that you and your wanna be crew aint shit
You look like the jungle Asian version of the baby emoji - http://pix.iemoji.com/images/emoji/apple/8.3/256/white-baby.png
Even your hair is trying to escape from you.
You look like you're overcompensating for getting an A-.
You wanna see what I've got because you obviously can't. 
I can't tell what's more fucked up, your barber for even recommending that haircut or that pipe slipter you call a nose
just remember, your best years are behind you.  and please don't learn to drive.
Are your eyes too slanted for you to see your teeth and brush them? fuck.
If your dumb hair wave points to your right that means you're gay right?
I can hold you upside down and you'll be a broom.
Your hair looks like a patch of grass you missed with a lawn mower
Your the first guy to die in a Godzilla movie
Even Japan thinks you look like a weirdo.
Why do goofy looking motherfuckers do shit to themselves that makes them look even more goofy?
....and how is it that you intend to see what we've got --
Shouldn't you be following Helga around?
You look like the type of Asian that actually has a small dick 
Sex-starved prepubescent Asian used "missed lawn spot" on his head. Ooh, it's not very effective....
why do you look like a fucking pan brush
I want to roast you but i didn't bring my bodyboard.