The crumbled paper looks better than your acne scars.
Why are you looking off into the distance? Your father isn't there.
You can stop looking for the Proactiv on the top shelf, I moved it under the sink, right next to the shaving razors you have no use for. 
Shall I compare thine face to the moon?  They are both round, large, crater-filled, and should only ever be out at night.
You can't even make eye contact with a camera? Christ, there's no way you can land a job and you won't lose that v-card without money. 
You have small ears.
Your life is such a mess you couldn't even get the paper to be straight.
You have the complexion of Micky Rourke
You look like a lumberjack, but with none of the manly attributes.
We'd be doing a better job if you hadn't gotten distracted by the giant lesbian that walked up and asked for her shirt back just before the picture was taken.
Did Matt Damon get stranded on your forehead?
I didn't think it was possible to get scuff marks on your face. 
Scumbags? Bro, why you gotta be so hurtful?
My acne brings all the boys to the yard, my acne is better than yours, my acne is better than yours. That's what i first though when i saw your pic, then i realized that gays have standards  
Is NASA planning a landing on your face?
Your face has more craters than a lunar map
Your acne scars are so dark people working in coal mines wished they had your skin 
Halloween is over, you can take off the Freddy mask
Your window has streaks and you're ugly. 
Your mustache seems to be scared of your face (or lackthereof)
I bet you thought this was your good side. You're wrong.
Your face looks like you just had a hot bowl of Chernobyl 
When I saw this pic I assumed you were in a wheelchair... My brain registered that you weren't functional enough to walk before it recognised that there wasn't a wheelchair in the picture...  Edit: typo
Someone save this pic, submit it to the news when this unstable creep shoots up a local elementary school and the station needs a picture of him.
A much uglier hobbit. Your acne scars and shitty jawline make Bilbo look like a fucking GQ model 
Are you that mentally challenged that you can't look at the camera correctly