You should continue your foundation from your forehead up into the part of your hair. I can still see your jew scalp 
That your registration tatted on your arms there honey?
That tongue has been the final resting spot of more dead jews than Auschwitz.
Moses could part a sea, and you can't even properly part your hair.
Do you apply foundation with a paint roller?
Nothing about you even remotely looks kosher.
You posted the wrong pic, I see a dirty whore with Jack O'lantern teeth.... Sorry about the whore part.
Your tats are your story that has to be shared and tells the tales of your life from "back in the day." ...which up until the age of 19 consisted of well manicured lawns in a quiet cul-de-sac, in a well-to-do posh suburb.  The stories those tats can tell about the lack of purple hair dye at Hot Topic...  You got your nose pierced because you wanted to express your individuality to a world that is harsh, cold and lacks understanding towards your specific struggle again "the man".  ...But you got your clit and nipples pierced because Daddy didn't show you enough attention.  That same attention he didn't give you back then (all of five years ago), you are getting now from all the local coke dealers near your Section 8 garden-level rental unit.  You do rails off their barely hard cocks whilst sitting naked on the floor of some random dude's trashed-out apartment that you met at the bar.  His friends are in the room, an opium-induced coma-state on all of their faces.  You don't give a shit because you are getting that attention that you deserve.  You hit another bump and polish off the knob to get the last of the coke worked into your gums.  You finally feel something - the first time in a week.  The last time you felt something was your last bump.  Yeah, that bump was off of some skeazy meth'd out blonde chick's ass that you thought having a three-way with your dealer might get you another score.  But he held out, the fucker. *These tits are worth at least a takeaway rail.* He gave you just enough coke to watch you degrade yourself like a whore with some chick you didn't give two shits about but you still shoved your fist up her ass while she got filled out by two other guys whose names you never learned.  These are the things you never talk about.  You go to work, you party, you laugh loudly at the hipster bar at shitty jokes so everyone knows you are having a good time.  You think people are jealous of you, and that makes you feel like God.  Their eyes are devouring you, and you feel wanted.  They treat you like meat, and you take whatever they are willing to give.  You need it.  You want it.  And the dark truth is you know that no one gives a shit about you.  But you go through the motions because maybe this time it'll be different.  Maybe this time things will make you feel like how you think you should feel.  Back to the present moment --- back to the sticky carpets of the dealers' house and your naked frame siting there waiting for love, for approval, for that next fix.  After realizing that the dealer doesn't give a shit about you or the other whore, you get up off the floor.  You stagger into the bathroom.  You catch a glimpse of yourself in a filthy, grimy mirror.  You don't recognize who you are from the reflection.  In that moment, you stop.  Just for the moment.  You gaze at your tats, your piercings - and you realize that they are the sum achievements of your life.  Your life as the star of your own show that no one else was watching. And in that moment, you see yourself, the "other" you - the girl that got the attention that she deserved, the little girl whose love and affection was returned in equal measure by your father.  You remember what love was supposed to feel like.  You start to cry.  Softly.  The tears stream down your face yet you don't make a sound.  Your eyeliner runs down your cheeks.  You know that you have fallen far from the grace that was your destiny.  Your hands are shaking - from either the coke or rage, doesn't matter.  You feel something.  You finally got to the point where you can fucking feel something again.  You look down into the sink, you look at the needles just tossed into the water basin. *What have you become?  Who the fuck are you?*  You stiffen your back, hold your head up high. You wipe the make up off your face and dab away the tears.  You are glad you feel something.  But you don't look into your own eyes.  Because you are ashamed.  After all the bullshit, after everything is all said and done, the only thing you feel is shame.  All of this, for nothing but a lack of any dignity, and shame.  If only your father could see you now. 
Can I pick you up with a dustpan?
I thought whore window shopping was only a thing in Amsterdam
You look too poor to be jewish
Looks like someone photo-shopped Piccolo's face onto your head
my girlfriend "ah I totally thought that was a man!"  
Actually you're kinda cute.  Is that ring in your nose for the leash?
The universe already roasted you by birthing you into a Jewish family. I don't want to worsen the situation by commenting on your buck teeth and scalp that could easily be mistaken as a bald spot. 
Go ahead and get it out of your system now before mom and dad make you clean up and marry the accountant that your bubbe picked out for you.
If I had a nickle for every time that same headline was used I would be as rich as you.
Hitler already did that to your grandparents.
Does Dr. Mengele know you escaped his lab?
No need to roast her. She's roasting from the inside with all the guilt she has.
Did Moses part your fucking hair?
Nice baby teeth.....
Making fun of you for being a Jew is insensitive and racist. Yet someone needs to explain the cause of gaps in those teeth.
You look like lil Kim if she got in a fight with a bottle of bleach
Just because your parents said you can be anything you want you don't get to default to whore
Your face explains why Hitler hated you guys
I'd probably fuck you but I would never admit it to anyone. 
So where do you go to get that discount makeup? Because at the rate you're going through it, you'd never want to buy it at regular price... Also it tells me which place to avoid.
I'd definitely fuck you and I've never failed to make a Jewish girl cum...I just give them my gold credit card to play with during foreplay.
It's to bad you weren't alive when hitler was around.
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.7329   &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/78868)
Why would you think anyone holds you in high enough regard to give a damn what you believe in?