Nice badge.   So is your gun drawn on your pants?
Kids, *this* is why you study.
"Let me check your anal cavity" is something everyone hears from you, right?
I told the girls they should have paid more than $3 for their "naughty cop" stripper.
You look like a male version of Roz from Monsters [Inc](http://images1.wikia.nocookie.net/__cb20110515131745/pixar/images/4/43/Roz.png)
You look like the kind of guy who gets verbally abused by his wife, so he has to take it out on kids by screwing them for meaningless offences.
Security guard because to be a cop you can't have down syndrome
You already look like you're sleeping on the job, so in that aspect you're doing stellar as a security officer!
Paul Blart Mole Cop
You look like you might have shot a kid for wearing a hoodie. 
You are the doughnut version of George Zimmerman.
Your fingers look like uncooked breakfast sausages. 
I can see why you were private instead of public.. 
34 years old, overweight, receding hairline and a mall cop. Your parents must be fucking estatic. 
Did they issue the mole as a shield and the thumb as a club.
That's it? Haha
[Nuthin' else needs to be said](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6LjW6j56ZgI)
your face is already punishment enough, it should feel remorse for what it has done to your life
I think your face might be like that because you see yourself every day. That's definitely the same expression I had when I saw you.
You look exactly what I think a security guard would look like. Except with a mole. A rather large, detestful mole at that.
Bet you love using your mall discount at dunkin dounuts
For killing all those people in Virginia tech? 
If I had a business, I swear on my life I will never let a koala be a security guard.
It feels like God got bored halfway through making your face and just shipped you off anyway.
Could be a fat Asian with a fat Mexicans job?
you where bullied at school for that rude mole and you decided to become a rent-a-cop only to find out you are more worthless than you where
You are the reason I get my car broken into even though they have "security" they take one look at you and think to themselves what's this pussy going to do.
I bet you use those handcuffs a lot with your boyfriends. It shows, rent-a-pigs on the food chain rank so far down they are a literal joke.  
Can someone call a real police officer? There are reports of a man without eyes and elephantitus frightening children.
Mall Cop eh? It's good that they give special needs kids "jobs" that make them feel important.  Er.. uh.. I mean "good job, stalwart hero of the land."
Your mother probably has enough remorse for going through with you anyway.
You look like your responsibilities are view Reddit and make the girl at Starbucks uncomfortable 
you look like the kind of guy who goes to parties to get picked on so he feels included even though all your "friends" hang out with you because they think you're retarded, your whole face is exactly what I expect when someone says I'm just glad to be here. 
ladies and gentlemen i give you lobster boy!
You look like steve urkel who ate steve urkel, who decided to go into the lucrative career of private policing and law enforcement.