The NSFW tag here meant "No Sun For Whitey"
Arthur Weasely with a touch of the downs.
You look like you could get skin cancer off a reflection in a lake.
You look like you'd cum from nipple play.
Thanks for tagging this as NSFW. The fact that your face makes it NFSW along with the ability to not even being able to spell "roast" correctly not once, but twice makes it even better.
I assume you're showing your chest to prove there's something weaker than your chin?
When they tried to abort you, they had to make the tweezers out of Valarian Steel.
"roast" is such a difficult word.
Learn to spell, you goddamn commie.
You look like the product of down's syndrome ginger incest
You look like William H. Macy and Steve Buscemi had a baby and the baby grew up to be a gay porn actor. 
That nipple has had a lot of nibblers, we can see the bite marks.
even your nipple is trying to run away from you
Gingerboy was turned down by the Hustler Mag for a centerfold shoot.  Thank God for internet 
I think you could roast yourself just by going out in the sun
gorsty has had a lot of time naked with guys. Usually he is on the bottom, but this time he got to sit up and roll over.....
You look like you're trying to teach yourself to eat through your nose.
Just an average day at the Macklemore house
Maybe you should try the third grade again, seeing as how you misspelled roast twice.
I'm not sure if the geometric forehead or the pasty lips gave away the kids in your basement. 
Life of a male ginger in a snapshot.
If that's the nipple you're happy I show I fear what the other one looks like.   Or is it that people have been calling you a right tit for so long it's deep rooted
If Paul Giamatti fucked Ed Sheeran.
How does it feel to have hair the color of cheeto dust? Does it taste the same? 
You're like a less attractive Elijah Woods
You type that headline with your nipple?
You look like you grew out of your own toenail.
This ginger may have a soul, but it definitely has no nipples. What a tradeoff...
Nigga your nipple looks like it should be on pizza
The nipple exposed, The lazy eye, and can't even spell Roast right, I truly feel sorry for you my friend. 
Are you made of mashed potatoes?
looks like this wood has chew marks on his nipple.  OP can reach that far down?
You'd pay an excellent Lennie in Of Mice and Men. 
Meninists and feminists hate you alike
You look like Shooter McGavin's retard baby. 
You look like a retarted Steve Buschemi
50 shades of Albino.
you should be the lead in the next 40 year old virgin movie
This is exactly why I'm pro-choice
no one believes your typo's or fake misspelling on the paper...youre just sad because youre just lonely enough to do this to yourself for attention
You look like someone who would mispell roast 
You look like the Weasley twin that should of died instead
How can you be that white when you have two suns to tan you?