Donny Downes on the right, the number of extra chromosomes you have is more than the amount of times you'll get laid. Unless of course it's by rapey McGee in back right, the only person who has control over where his dick goes is Commander Cody, sitting in the middle, he's not welcome anywhere in society but he's still cooler than the rest of you pathetic low life's, that's why he was appointed head of sign holding at the last meeting in your treehouse. Evan Enthusiasm in back left is so stoked to be noticed by anybody that he could barely keep from finishing in his tighty-whities before the camera flash. On the left is Left-out Lenny, Cody's brother, who had to get his mummy to make Cody play with him, hence Lenny's shit-eating grin, and Cody's usual brain dead look of disappointment.
It's like down-syndrome columbine
One direction + 5 extra chromosomes = you guys
Even worst version of one direction
At first glance I honestly thought the two standing up were the lesbian mothers of the other three
Discount One Direction
I didn't know 5SOS and 1D had a cousin!! 
If you were his crew Captain Planet would have took a job with the coal industry
Top right--poor dude with that blower --he's in for a life of misery lower right--kid also has a snout that a pelican would be jealous over
4 out of 5 dentists agree that 5 out of 5 of you are virgins.
Let me see if I can get this:  Back row (L to R): Faggot, Faggot  Front row (L to R): Faggot, Faggot, Faggot
Voted most likely to bring guns to class. 
The blond wants his hands down the pants of the kid in front of him so bad he can hardly resist.    What's up with the buffoon idiot looker to the blonds left?  That is one ugly ugly!  Surely they can do some plastic surgery or transplant the face from a corpse onto it.   The kid with the blue sweatshirt is winking at everyone.   He's had a lot of action with older guys at the parks.
"Super dry" is definitely going to be every women you encounter as a group, I can't tell if you're all special needs, or if it's only the majority of the people in the classroom you're all in. 
The last time there was such an ugly mob of jews in a room Hitler was ordering the oven to be cranked to extra-hot.
Only 3 of the 5 are human. The two on the right look like alien bastard children cloned from dog turd worms.