"She just turned 12, so I guess you could say things are getting pretty serious."
You look like Freddie Mercury's gay anus baby
Try not to fuck any kids on the way to your exam 
That's not a mustache, it's a dickbroom.
You have to take exams now to be a pedophile?
I clenched my asshole after opening your image
If hitler was a wetback
So that's where Jared gets his child porn from.
You look like a guy that gave Freddie Mercury AIDS. 
Alright zazu but when you get back to the kingdom try being a little easier on simba.
Your IQ is probably lower than the number of restraining orders against you.
Ambiguously gay man to the rescue!
You look like freddy mercurys aborted son, Eddie 
Someone needs to roast that mustache off your face 
that mustache makes you look like Freddy Mercury which somehow manages to make you look less gay. Try not to slip and fall on any dicks on the way to your exam.
With that mustache u could have been either one of the village people for Halloween, or the village idiot
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=tLPZmPaHme0
Paul Blart looks good since losing the weight. 
gomez and mental illness is never a good look.
Donald Trump has better hair.
So how many families do you have in your freezer?
Fuck while he is at the exam we have to rescue all the people he has locked in the basement.  WE CAN DO THIS REDDIT!!!!!!
please dont rape my children
Give Lafawnda my love. 
The police need to have a look at your hard drive 
You look like Freddie Mercury's boytoy
The piercing eyes and wimpy pedostache of a kid-diddler.
Asked for the Freddie Mercury, received the Jeffrey Dahmer.
You look like a mall cop who lost his gig.
I thought convicted child molesters couldn't use the Internet.
Which community demanded you to shape your moustache and your eyebrows into pornstaches? The Neo-Nazis or the paedophiles?
You are 13 going on 30 with inability to take straight pictures.  
You look like a homosexual serial killer.
You look like a pissed off Freddie mercury bobble-head
Hitler + Freddie Mercury - talent = you.  Why do you have that mustache? Does your state allow that as a way to inform your neighbor you're a pedophile? Seriously, did you lose a bet? 
Your mustache looks like the remains of a dirty Sanchez. 
Reno 911 audition right after your exam?
I didn't know Borat and Freddie Mercury had a son!!!
Oh look, your lip is wearing a fedora
If you swapped one of your eyebrows with your mustache no one would notice.
That moustache does NOT make you look smarter, and no, the person grading the exam does not want to sleep with you to give you a higher mark.
Did you just wake up one day and think "i want a look that makes people recoil worse than cancer"
Well, I really hope your exam is on the subject "On how to look like the gayest cop from the 1980s possible" otherwise, you might have some problems.
You do know that the nearest school is at least 5 miles away.
Toy cars, cowboy hat, strange cylinders obviously used as butt plugs...yeah this guy fucks kids
They let you write exams when you can't come within 150' of a school?
The only thing you should be writing is the script for your next child pornography. 
You have a lot of books for someone not allowed near a school 
"How To Lure Gay Drifters Into My Home And Rape Them To Death"  by u/sgtwoegerfenning
God was undecisive on this one.
My Name is Chris Hansen, why don't you take a seat over here and we'll go over some of these chat logs. 
You look like gayer Freddie Mercury
You're like a less talented, more Mormon version of Brandon Flowers. Wish you'd end up in a crossfire for everyone else's sake. 
Are you even trying to look at the camera?
Why don't you just take a seat. 
Eddie Mercury from QUeen did not have a child. But you fit the rest of his lifestyle
Freddie Mercury reincarnated...without the beautiful voice and talent
You seem like your motto in life is if shes old enough to pee she is old enough for me. 
Dirty Sanchez
you look like a wanna be "young Ral Juli" type trying to get the part of Gomez Addams in Addams Family 5.
Ladies and Gentlemen, I encourage you to cast your vote today with confidence that you are electing a great leader, and a great man. Ladies and Gentlemen, I encourage you, Vote for Pedro.
"Yes, with this finger, and shit from a man's asshole, I am Clark Gable!" 
That pedostache is in full effect
It's like your face can't decide if it's a woman or a man.
Is it an exam of taking dicks up the ass? Because if it is you'll ace it.
Freddie Mercury's no talent twin? 
If Pakalu Patito was white 
Your new nickname is Gringo Sanchez
"Did you try turning it off and on again?"