'Gonna start dating soon'  Ya like it's a choice for you...
Try not looking like Kick-Ass with bells palsy.
You won't be dating anyone, you're fine.
If you believe in reincarnation, you may want to hit the restart button.
1. Shave everything   2. Become an otter   3. ???   4. Cry yourself to sleep
Surely I'm not the only one who sees that this user is holding up the exact same piece of paper? I know this isn't a roast, sorry.  http://imgur.com/eWDgm3B?desktop=1
Start with a haircut. You look like an uglier version of the Boston Marathon Bomber
What a strange sentence, it's like saying "I've decided that I will have two friends now."  I guess I'm just one of those people who defines a relationship as something that needs more than one person's consent.
nothing, you do you; because that's who you'll be dating
Dont change urself let the doctor change u :)
[deleted]
Go for the ones with emotional problems and daddy issues, you look their type. 
[deleted]
Your sexual preference.
Your life choices
My 13 year old cousin saw this and he wants his pubic hair back 
First off, apologize for the Boston Marathon bombing, then get a fucking haircut.
The misconception you have that anyone would date you
You look like Temple Grandins' slightly hairier, yet equally retarded doppelgnger
Smoke less pot, not run from the cops when you bomb a marathon, and trim up your facial pubes.
You misspelled kidnapping.
After we see you on CNN for shooting up a school you are going to have change everything.
You look like Weird AL if he was a guest singer for Nirvana.
Everything
You look like Jon Snow, except gayer
lil dicky really let himself go
Hope some fat desperate flight of the Concord fan throws you a pity lay. 
Your standards
Your nose says jew, but your hair says Boston Bomber.
I'd consider gay porn. 
Everything.
Not roasting, just here to wish you luck. Try /r/ISISdating
Your appearance, grooming standards, clothing, work ethic, penis size, last name, SSN, internet browser, shoelaces, toothpaste, and the lanyard you keep your keys on that hangs out of your stupid red hoodie pocket. Also you smell like farts.
yeah right
Dating your hand doesn't count.
jerking off isn't dating, i bet your right hand stands you up.
What should you change....let's see...I'd start with the idea that you are going to start dating soon.
Try getting a clean haircut, it would suit you more than pubic hair.
Get that dead animal off your head, either shave or take care of an actual beard, and ditch the hoodie.  You look like fucking millenial encino man.
Okay but why do you look like a bootleg version of Napoleon dynamite?
Everything bc u look like the fucking Boston bomber 
Everything.
"what should I change about myself?"   Everything. 
everything 
&gt;What should I change about myself?  Your sexual preference probably
Cousins don't count as dating.
Pubic hair is meant to grow below the belt, not all around your face
Plastic surgery and a strict diet of bleach
Well I can tell you one thing that won't be changing, your relationship status.
A lot of things because you no nothing hipster john snow
Don't change yourself! Everyone is perfect the way they are and theres always a match out there for you! Let's just hope [she's](https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7054/6894944838_b7dd1c2feb_b.jpg) ready for a commitment too.
No need to do anything dramatic. Lets start with taking a 30mm round the the face and adjust from there.
All of it.
Everything.
First of all stop looking like a young Doc Brown.
At this point I would say get a better personality and hope that helps
This one thinks that he can seriously find his SO? This one doesn't know that he has had his hand all his life.
[Bret, you got it going on!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPyuZ6ZTqmo)
"Voted most likely to use a date rape drug"  
You should stop asking the Internet who you should be. If you take our advice, any girl you end up with will quickly realize that you're still an insecure loser despite your crowd sourced acting coach.
Take the [tribbles](http://i.imgur.com/Fm1riUr.gif) off your head so we can get a better look.
LMFAO is trying to get his communications degree, I see. 
Your tolerance towards fat and/or crazy women
Have you ever seen the movie Face-Off?
You could change literally everything, but im not sure that would help either way.  
You look like the dude from kickass if he never realized he sucks and just kept living his shit ass life.
Don't change a thing. The lower your chances of reproduction the greater chance of survival humanity will have. 
Could want to just chill and smoke out with a girl.... Could just build a bomb and kill some people...
I start to wonder how all these crappy titles aren't a roast on it's own.
You look like you smell. Wear some deodorant, you turnip!
I would say everything is a good place to start
The Boston bomber and Einstein had a baby and it shit out you.
Your fro looks like the pubes of a water buffalo.
You shouldn't have let those jackasses glue pubes to your face
Bruh, the Boston bomber isn't someone you wanna look like.
Stop looking like your a gay porn star
Maybe next time don't bomb the marathon. 
 a jew asking to be roasted? ayy lmfao
Stop gluing pubes to your face. 
Dating soon? Have fun with your hands.
Hey guys! I think I caught the Boston Marathon bomber!
Your expectations.  Lower them
Last I checked, girls don't like scruff. And maybe take a shower once in a while.
Whether you're alive or not.
Your genetic makeup.
You should change your expectations.
...Aspirations to continue on with life.
I'm gonna say your taste in music 
I think a better question is what you *shouldn't* change...
Everything.
having a fleshlight in the mail doesn't count as "going to start dating"
Man I read this as you're going to be dating yourself. Which would be simultaneously the best you'll ever get and the worst you'll ever get.
He might not like your chin pubes rubbing his balls. 
look less like the Boston Marathon Bomber.
You look like your the bomb at gatherings , no really you look like the boston marathon bomber.
Everything.
Dating? If you were a fighter pilot in Star Wars, I have no doubt Vader would have won.
Everything
Get a haircut so people don't confuse you with Lil' Dicky
Hair needs to be shaped to a flattering style, keep long but thin it out before your grandpa wonders how his bush got on top of your headl  plus work on your shaving and trimming technique, looks very unkept. Oh and bulk up them muscles.
Change the fact that you'll be dating. 
[I'll let Billy Crudup handle this one](http://media.giphy.com/media/F5zols9F4hRCw/giphy.gif).
You could start with washing your hair...and quit biting your fingernails.
Change your face, completely.  
You look like a pubescent weirdo who wants to touch me in any way humanly possible 
You should start small and just date yourself for awhile.   You know, do what you like to do. Get to know yourself better.   Then you can try to start dating. Hopefully all that soul searching will help cushion the blow of realizing that you're going to die a sad lonely loser.   Also, cut that stupid hair and don't try to grown a beard until you can actually do it.
[deleted]    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.4667   &gt; [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/23494)
Love the optimism. 
Everything.
Guys it's the Boston bomber, we did it reddit! 
You look like the lovechild of Markiplier and Moss from The I.T. Crowd.  That's not a good thing.
Step one: don't look like the Boston Marathon bomber
Stop looking like a deleted character from The IT Crowd, maybe?
Fucking... everything? Where do we start.
Just because your older cousin did a rape/murder and called it "dating" doesn't mean you can too.
Everything.
you look like you have body odor.
breathing.
Check out OP's other posts... seems as if he inhabits multiple bodies
maybe go to a real barber who can make your beard look really groomed and sharp. but you have clean fingernails so you're way ahead already!
Dating?  Men.... you will not be very popular until you weedeat off that mop and shave. 
This isn't a roast, but fuck you. Get a haircut, wash your face every once in a while, wear clothes about one size smaller. 
you should change the fact theres no noose around your neck
Everything
Quiksilver has let himself go recently. Wow.
The fact that you are "gonna start dating" is already a roast. 
The answer to your question: fucking everything