Is that latex or oil-based paint you use on your face?
The type of girl who brings her ugly friends to the club just to make herself look better. Even though she looks like a $5 hooker.
You look like the annoying bitch that would be up for a roasting but had to take 12 pictures before you took one you thought was good. Also, accurate username. A throwaway account for a throwaway person 
You look like Ariana Grande if she just said "fuck it".
Not sure if you are looking to get hired for a job at Charlie's Chocolate Factory or you actually think that tan looks good.
You'll end up in porn with two black dicks in your butt.
Your face looks like my old cumrag
You look like you were water boarded at Jersey Shore
The hands say Michael Jackson and her face says Rachel Dolezal, hey whatever distracts people from your lack of intelligence as displayed by your inability to fold paper.
you look like you hesitate before saying the word 'black' in regards to someone's skin colour.
Your eyebrows look like they wanna  boutta fly away and be free
I'm glad you've taken time to learn sign making, you'll be able to advertise your hourly rate!
Isn't it funny how spending 80$ on a jean jacket and scarf that went out of style in the 80's is considered trendy 
You look like Kermit the Frog's new girlfriend, except more pig-like.
Dewy from Malcolm in the Middle got a sex change.
You look like the teacher that fucked a student and everyone is like, hey not bad kid. But then he grows up and finds success and has a wife and a family and forgets all about you, but for you, it kinda still stings that he didn't love you.
I bet you have an ambigram tattoo that says, 'Live. Laugh. Love', one way up, but upside down it says, 'Dad. Beats. Me'.
As brutal as your first husband will be? Or as brutal as the johns your going to have to deal with trying to pay for community college?
Are you in a classroom? No way you're a student you look at least 35.
Anal, no lube.
Is that what you say to 10 guys before they run a train on you?
You. You are the definition of banal. Lost in the pathetic sea of girls pining, just PINING, for something to make them feel pretty and special. Every day you cake make up on your face and assimilate to whatever you think will make you seem less of the terribly nothing that you truly are. You put on your trendy nose ring and decide to post on Reddit because your cool and different. But we know. We all know who you really are and quite frankly were just jaded with the same routine that hundreds of equally boring girls have done before you. Right now, you're sitting in front of your computer scrolling through these messages with a glimmer of hope that at least one person will give you a nice complement and see what a special snowflake you are. But know know what? We don't see it. No one sees it. So do us a favor and give it a rest.
That nose ring really suits your bull face.
"Be Brutal" is that the same thing you say right before getting fucked?
More brutal than daddy after a few drinks?
I would only use you for sex.
You look like the kind of generic girl who has never had an original thought or idea in her life, I'm sure you have an infinity tattoo and get inspired to make useless bullshit from pinterest posts that you never actually follow through with.  If it wasn't for Facebook and Instagram I'm not sure you would even exist. You are the default setting of a white chick. \[insert starbucks]
Your hands look like the walkers reaching between the doors in the walking dead pilot.
How long do you have to live once your family finds out you took off your hijab?
I'd rather not get any STDs that the football team gave you...
Seems like someone has been spending too much time watching those Delissio pizza crusts rise
The paper says roast me but the rest of you screams cheap handjob.
You will spend the rest of your life looking for the approval that nobody will feel like giving you
I bet the very sight of a man-bun gets you wetter than an otters pocket. 
You look like every other annoying chola and I hope you burn in hell
I bet you have the school record for the amount of dicks fitted in to one mouth
Your eyebrows literally fade into oblivion.
Honestly you look really nice. Which makes it all that much harder to look at your poopy brown skin and stretch lines trying to spread your face in either direction. Seriously do you have two large magnets posted on either side of your face
You seem faker than Kim Kardashian's ass and job 
you're the type of girl a gay man in denial would fuck.
The cat eyes are fitting, considering a man would only want to see you in the dark. 
Youre taking selfies in class instead of studying. Life will roast you harder than I ever could when you are struggling to get your GED while struggling with your heroine addiction. Your future will have about the same trajectory as your eyebrows. 
Ahhh... the smug look of thinking that every insult can't bother you, and while this is true, it's not because you're confident, it's because everything (but the sperm) is simply above you.
Dat receding hairline tho
Not as brutal as the box of ugly clubs your parents stuck your newborn head in and shook it around for a while !!