Wow, the church has gone from sweeping the scandal under the rug to blatantly handing out gay scholarships 
If the dude on the left was green he'd look like Bruce Banner got stuck halfway whilst transforming into the Hulk
If your church is right, you'll already roast in hell for the uncomfortable thoughts you have about each other. 
Charlie Brown and I are both perplexed at the number of ministry dicks you sucked just to go to a school where all the rich white kids hate you.
Oh, so their sexuality isnt the only think private..
Not sure if the guy on the right is good looking or he just looks good standing beside retarded asian bruno mars.
you look like the guys who would rape an unconcious girl at a frat party and then hide behind your daddies' money when you get charged
And somehow you all look more Jewish than Jesus.
You get about the same amount of pussy combined as the sahara gets snow in the summer 
The next Catholic boyband. Featuring: Acne, Token Monority Kid, and the Popular One that'll die by the age of 35!
The guy on the left really nose God is in his heart.
Anybody check Igor on the left for a bomb vest?
Well... I think I just discovered who shot down the Russian airliner.
This looks like the weekly meeting of the support group for kids that got molested by the priest.
How does the guy on the right do his hair? That's fucking fantastic.  He's definitely friends with the other two to make himself look better.
How does the guy on the right do his hair? That's fucking fantastic.  
So the fathers have been fukin your asses for years, arnt you the used up  Cum dumps
Huh. Didn't know The Village People had children.
You're all that ugly that even the Catholic priests won't take your virginities. 
And Father Tobias has had you three on your knees  a lot!  Those pray beads can be a poor substitute for anal beads. There is no question being a alter boy has its benefits, just ask the kid on the left with the green jacket, his hail mary is with his legs up in the air, groaning
god won't save you from that rape charge
Guy on the right is actually really hot.
enjoy those teeth now before they get punched down your throats
Havent you already been spit roasted by the priests