with a paper bag.
Stopping touching kids is probably a good start
Jump into a wood chipper
Steal someone else's body
By not being a "rapper" 
You can start by not being in 12th grade and getting grounded by mommy and daddy. 
Photoshop. A LOT of Photoshop. 
Get shot.
Move out of Syria. 
it's never to early to donate your body to science, in this case, veterinary science.
Dr Gay and Snoop Wog all rolled into one.
You could try not to look like a skeleton pedophile and ask your barber to do the entire haircut next time.
Your face reminded me of the joke "music is like candy... you gotta throw out the rappers"
You look like a shitty version of the weekend
By killing yourself and hoping that reincarnation is real.
Mc flip flops
Stop rapping goats. The don't need some hairy assed fruit like yourself fondling them.
First of all you could just take the caterpillars off your eyebrows and put fake ones on all the popular girls do that. and hey you can be one too!
Ease up on the mascara, for starters
You look like the Weeknd's coke head cousin who hasn't showered in a week. 
I think you added one to many P's to Rapper.
Has anybody noticed how in many pictures today that they have the identical fucking piece of paper. Will edit with evidence. It seems OP has just been handing pieces of paper to people. Change that flair to "fake roastee"  edit: https://i.imgur.com/F2dhq0O.jpg and https://i.imgur.com/kPzxC00.jpg https://i.imgur.com/eWDgm3B.jpg
You saying you're a rapper,  is like Drake saying he's a gun clapper.  Or like Eminem saying he's a true Don Dapper.  Now can everybody in the R. ROAST ME,  Put your motherfucking hands up and follow me!  Now can everybody in the R. ROAST ME,  Put your motherfucking hands up... up! up!   Now notice while this prick looks smug,  Notice that he did not have his hands up.  Dicks all around him, how many men? 30.  Using both hands like the clock behind. 12:30.  You got a sign saying if you detect fire sound the alarm,  Thinking your mixtapes hot enough to cause bodily harm.  If you're a rapper, why've you got curls in your hair, Your dicks screaming cos it's never seen a girl there?  If this pic is your next mixtapes cover,  Not tryna crush dreams, but mate don't bother.