You look like a cardboard cutout someone sets up at a religious youth conference check-in stand to show they're tolerant of alternative lifestyles.  
He's unroastable, but he'll gladly make your meat brown.
While he was in the closet, he should have found a longer pair of shorts. 
When doctors read about lisps in medical school there is a photo of this guy on that page of the textbook. 
You should go back to using actual toothpaste when you brush. Semen isn't helping.
This post is fake. No way this guy has friends.
unlikable is more like it.  
You would think a gay guy would have higher standards than working at Target.
Tell him to try wearing a pink triangle on his polo.
he looks like the type of gay guy whose entire identity revolves around being gay.  when they were handing out "gay men fashion sense", he got confused and ended up with two portions of "gay posing".
Who's the douchebag partially blocking the unroastable gay guy in the back?  
Unroastable? He's clearly flaming already
Could you imagine if this guy came up to you at the ~~gay~~ bar. And you're standing near the wall. And he pins you against the wall. And he shoves his dick in your face. He's so tall ~~and handsome~~ he isn't even standing on a chair. And you put his dick in your mouth. And start sucking on it. Like really hard. The sucking... and his dick. And it's the best thing ever.  Yeah, I couldn't imagine that either!
Who do you disappoint more, your boyfriend or your dad?
If he can't get girls why does he think he has any better luck with guys?
He's very popular with the older men at the park
And I say his knees scare me. 
Hold on...I hear a chickenhawk screeching... 
Dude is so gay, he made his wardrobe match the furniture.
It's a good thing he's gay. No woman would fuck him. 
Kinda looks like the worms from MIB-movie, but they had more self-respect. 
You look like the type of guy who would make a great alter boy for a priest and when I say that, I mean that you like old, wrinkly balls in your mouth
Did you tell him that /r/RoastMe does does not actually have any relation to /r/SpitroastMe ?
I didn't even know people from 1950s Iowa could be gay
This looks like a photo op for the Jared origin story
Unroastable.. maybe Spit roastable, thats a different story
That black kid is checking your ass out....but you knew that  What's in the white pants. Besides a dinky
Neeeeeeeck!
He's definitely spit-roastable.
I'm pretty sure he's the default avatar for the character, "human".
I'll bet his mom drove his unroastable ass to school in her salmon pink Cadillac Escalade. 
I went to the driving range last night and hit as many balls as your chin did...
More like unsociable.
Maybe he's gay, but he's definitely a faggot.
Now I understand the Westboro Baptist Church's point of view.
Let's be honest, you just came here with hopes of getting pig-roasted..
Tell the faggot to shut up and send the freak of nature to a fucking church to get the gay beaten out of him with a bible.  Or don't he'd probably enjoy that too much. 