I *would* go for the fivehead, but the weapons-grade acne looks like it'll fight back.
A blind person could touch your forehead and think he's reading the new game of thrones book
Not surprised you have acne. Your hair has enough oil to join OPEC.
I have no ill words for you sir, Coneheads was one of my all time favorite movies and I'm stoked they are coming out with a sequel!  
You look like fap material for /r/popping. 
It's 80% of your body
I see a self-help book in your future entitled, "The Struggle With Combovers."
Even your hair is running away from your acne.
At least put some proactive on that bitch.
I like how you're embracing it with zero shame of how fucked up your face is.
You dont actually have a fivehead, you just need to pop your forehead and it will deflate. 
I didn't know Rocky Dennis had a brother!
You look like the poster child for fetal alcohol syndrome. 
This looks like one of those pictures the media pulls off a kids Facebook right after he goes on a shooting rampage. 
Trump has less of a combover.
It looks like your hair is still drafting it's manifest destiny.
Bruh this sub reddit aint got no chill LMAO
You look like the alien from Mars attacks!
Not even a roast: fix your fucking bangs man.
Who needs elbow grease when you have forehead grease?
Your skin has so much oil on it Stephen Harper is trying to sell it to the Chinese. 
Hey I got a friend that works at an acne creme warehouse I'm sure we could fill a barrel up so you could just soak in it. Not sure how long it'll take, probably about...... forever
Gods trying to play connect the dots with the amount of ance you have on your forehead
about an acre of strawberry pimples there kid. I bet you  are happy with your crop.
Hey Rocky
Your so ugly i thought someone photoshopped this.
You look like you spend 45 minutes every morning trying to get your hair to that perfect "straight out of the fryer" look
Your head looks like a guitar pick someone found on the floor of a movie theater. 
You look like you're on here looking for a reason to kill yourself
you're that "rebellious" teenager in movies who won't get a damn haircut!
So is your acne 
Dude I thought we were done with Halloween take off the mask already why don't ya
This is EXACTLY what happens when you keep your thoughts to yourself
Hey, can I order a large pepperoni with extra cheese and a bottle of Coke? You can even use my filleting knife it you want. 