At least you can start getting paid for servicing older mens' assholes
You could put a door knocker in those huge nostrils. Must have stretched em out with those giant chewed up monkey fingers... Quit chewing your nails.
Freshman 15 is killer
the nose ring tells me you like telling people you're vegan
That ring through your nose suggests that you're only fun to ride for about 8 seconds. 
Your facial expression say frown. Your eyebrows say stroke.
Wow. You have a nose ring. You must be so edgy. I'll bet you always post about your problems on every social media that has ever existed 
Something's wrong with your eyebrows. Something's wrong with your face. Something's wrong with everything.
Next time, try not to post your "this is me taking a shit" face, ok-? Gross.
Some serious commitment to Halloween, 5 days later and you still look like a cow
your chins say that you couldn't possibly fit anything else in your mouth but those nasty fingernails say otherwise
You're starting your career at the bottom, literally.
Don't overreach or anything. 
"Excuse me, is this vegan fair-trade latte farm to table?" 
It looks like Eugene Levy inspired you to draw in your eyebrows
Those nice old people will say, "Why doesn't a sweet girl like you have a beau?" and you'll swallow sadness and go home to cats and silence.
Settle down now your bdubs will be out shortly..
Stop this stupid comp, you're [both](https://redd.it/3rfeqw) ugly. Just have sex already.
Your waitress wants you to stop screwing around, leave a decent tip and get the fuck out.
Save paper - use your tongue.  Who am I kidding - that was obviously your plan all along.
Did you paint your eyebrows like that? Or is your face just trying to match them?
I wouldn't fuck you if I was your step-dad. 
I wanna pull that nose piercing right out of your nose. The damage might make you prettier. 
You have what we call in the biz a very punchable face.
Do you use the tissues to shape your eyebrows afterwards?
Your tats are your story that has to be shared and tells the tales of your life from "back in the day." ...which up until the age of 19 consisted of well manicured lawns in a quiet cul-de-sac, in a well-to-do posh suburb. The stories those tats can tell about the lack of purple hair dye at Hot Topic... You got your nose pierced because you wanted to express your individuality to a world that is harsh, cold and lacks understanding towards your specific struggle again "the man". ...But you got your clit and nipples pierced because Daddy didn't show you enough attention. That same attention he didn't give you back then (all of five years ago), you are getting now from all the local coke dealers near your Section 8 garden-level rental unit. You do rails off their barely hard cocks whilst sitting naked on the floor of some random dude's trashed-out apartment that you met at the bar. His friends are in the room, an opium-induced coma-state on all of their faces. You don't give a shit because you are getting that attention that you deserve. You hit another bump and polish off the knob to get the last of the coke worked into your gums. You finally feel something - the first time in a week. The last time you felt something was your last bump. Yeah, that bump was off of some skeazy meth'd out blonde chick's ass that you thought having a three-way with your dealer might get you another score. But he held out, the fucker. These tits are worth at least a takeaway rail. He gave you just enough coke to watch you degrade yourself like a whore with some chick you didn't give two shits about but you still shoved your fist up her ass while she got filled out by two other guys whose names you never learned. These are the things you never talk about. You go to work, you party, you laugh loudly at the hipster bar at shitty jokes so everyone knows you are having a good time. You think people are jealous of you, and that makes you feel like God. Their eyes are devouring you, and you feel wanted. They treat you like meat, and you take whatever they are willing to give. You need it. You want it. And the dark truth is you know that no one gives a shit about you. But you go through the motions because maybe this time it'll be different. Maybe this time things will make you feel like how you think you should feel.  Back to the present moment --- back to the sticky carpets of the dealers' house and your naked frame siting there waiting for love, for approval, for that next fix. After realizing that the dealer doesn't give a shit about you or the other whore, you get up off the floor. You stagger into the bathroom. You catch a glimpse of yourself in a filthy, grimy mirror. You don't recognize who you are from the reflection. In that moment, you stop. Just for the moment. You gaze at your tats, your piercings - and you realize that they are the sum achievements of your life. Your life as the star of your own show that no one else was watching. And in that moment, you see yourself, the "other" you - the girl that got the attention that she deserved, the little girl whose love and affection was returned in equal measure by your father. You remember what love was supposed to feel like. You start to cry. Softly. The tears stream down your face yet you don't make a sound. Your eyeliner runs down your cheeks. You know that you have fallen far from the grace that was your destiny. Your hands are shaking - from either the coke or rage, doesn't matter. You feel something. You finally got to the point where you can fucking feel something again. You look down into the sink, you look at the needles just tossed into the water basin. What have you become? Who the fuck are you? You stiffen your back, hold your head up high. You wipe the make up off your face and dab away the tears. You are glad you feel something. But you don't look into your own eyes. Because you are ashamed. After all the bullshit, after everything is all said and done, the only thing you feel is shame. All of this, for nothing but a lack of any dignity, and shame. If only your father could see you now.