Why do you need a girlfriend when your parents will force you into an arranged marriage to a goat?
Because relationships aren't the norm after a rape
Somewhere out there is a blind chick that also cannot smell that is perfect for you
Try removing the mascara. From your eyes and your upper lip.
Because standards.
Because most girls dont want to date a cab driver
Game.... Blouses
Because you look like the actor for a sci-fi knock off of Twilight
Cold blooded murderers from ISIS take a look at your picture and say  "Oh my Allah, I thought I had dead eyes"
The only thing more pathetic than your mustache is your inability to support your wife and 14 children 
When you look a girl dead in the eyes, you should avoid using dead-looking eyes
Those 72 virgins have to come from somewhere. You'll make someone very happy in the afterlife
Because you look like someone who would bomb a marathon.
No need for a girlfriend when you'll have those 72 virgins waiting for you after blow up a street market
American girls are afraid of terrorists.
I don't even think ISIS would recruit with that moustache.
Don't worry, I'm sure with a few goats and a couple of sheep, your dad will arrange something for you.
Because you look like the junkie formerly known as Prince.
Allah is your only love
If India went through a punk phase
Jihadi Jaundice.
Who needs a girlfriend when you can just die and get with all those virgins?
I don't think we need to. I think you already know.
Because those "fuck me eyes" are screaming that you need a boyfriend in your life.
Too high to leave your room. 
Because you're too busy building clocks. Or whatever they are.
They don't want to be beheaded.
because you're 14 and smell like Dhal. Panjot.
/r/ExpectedJihad
with that make up you look like you ARE the girlfriend
Because women dont see a future in marrying a suicide bomber. 
Song voice: " Betty Davis eyes..."
You must run through hair gel like you do with mascara
Maybe because you look like angle from rent.
Because you didn't take the sledgehammer off any sweet jumps. 
You look like a pakistani mother working as a hooker that now regrets it
Those bags under your eyes make you look like you have worms!
Your eyes look like dirty assholes
Don't do drugs.
Do you want me to say just one or list them all. Cause I really don't feel like using up my whole night to point out the obvious 
You are you. 
You have perfect resting bitch face. There is no roasting you. I already feel bad just typing anything.
Don't they kill gays in Pakistan?
I think the ghetto hair might have everything to do with it. 
Because you look like the corpse of a gay male hooker.
Because of your lazy ass eye
You look like Pedro after he lost the election. 
Because eyeliner isn't a good way to attract hetero women.
Jafar!  Haven't seen you since '94.  You should do an AMA
Serious question.. Are you from Ohio?
Because you like boys and ISIS is waiting to throw you off a roof.
I don't know why....because you're the bomb!
Maybe it's because you're a terrorist, or are you completely oblivious to that fact?
Unless you buy one from the slave market, you are SOL. Goat Herder!
because you look like you have some form of palsy and smell like olive oil.
Because you look like the bad guy from Alladin 
Women's intuition about guys that will be molesters, parasites and unemployed.  Find yourself an old man instead,  before you get deported.
Because you'd rather comb your pubes than your head.
Get a neck tat. Bitches love neck tats. 
Probably because your high. Or because you are the only person to tape pubic hair to their face.