I can't. Reddit is as good as your life will ever get
Studying must be easy for you. Your eyes are far enough a part you can read two books at a time
Study hard. With that face you're going to have to be rich to attract a mate.
Between the lesbian librarian glasses, the Star Wars poster and the graph paper the only pussy you'll ever touch will have been your moms on the unfortunate journey out of the womb
You look like John Green and Michael Cena's accident child 
No worries man. Once you hit puberty that facial hair will grow like crazy!
Puke Skywanker.
You strike me as the kind of person that would say something along the lines of "I'm just as smart as (literally anyone more successful than you), I'm just not motivated enough", and genuinely believe it. 
that star wars poster must get the ladies so wet
It clear you go to  /r/gaydadbigdick to get off on reddit
[I thought that smile was familiar](http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mafytlXckN1rg1h9to1_1280.jpg)
I've done you a favor and cross-posted this to /r/fivehead
Another generic gay guy with a raw ass
Because you need to become a genius BEFORE the ALS sets in Stephen
Your virginity. 
I always wondered what a lesbian Andy Dick looked like! Ok I never wondered that but if anyone has they now know.
It's not that hard to be a secretary!
You seem like the type who likes Star Wars because you don't know how to like things on your own.
Your robo face is glitching behind your gay glasses
The jews will snuff you out in an instant without your education, despite having Abraham's nose.
Your glasses tell me you study next to a candle with a quill and ink.  Of course this has to happen both in public and in full daylight to get as much attention as possible. 
Your haircut makes you look like Donald Trump bought some expensive conditioner and took a picture while sticking his face in a leafblower  Other than that you look like my friend Sam. Sam's a pretty nice dude. 
We don't want to be paying for your food stamps once you get your art degree, that's why.
http://www.polyvore.com/cgi/img-thing?.out=jpg&amp;size=l&amp;tid=50465546
Is that a Dirty Sanchez or your pathetic attempt at  #NoShaveNovember ?
Do you actually need those glasses or are they just there to keep the bukaki cum out of your eyes?
you look like Austin Evans failure of a younger brother
Just because your nose can support the world's largest glasses doesn't mean you have to buy them.
You probably think very highly of yourself. That's funny enough for me.
Is there a sloth somewhere in your family tree?
So you can lose that virginity
i never knew people from the planet faggatron wrote in english.
The only action you'll ever get is from the famous hairy monster from that movie poster. 
http://imgur.com/RQasoOF
You look like a fucking nerd so you might as well play the part. 
Cus guys like you son....youre just gonna have to study twice as hard if you wanna keep up with the other kids. 
Fuck dude, what is that awful peach fuzz pedo stache? You'd better study hard, man. If you're a failure at growing shitty facial hair, I can only imagine you're a failure in many other things too. 
Are you wearing one of those gag Groucho Marxs nose/glasses combinations?
discount idubbbz
Are you the lovechild of Jared Fogle and Sarah Jessica Parker?
You have a movie poster of a film that came out before you were born
You probably fuck yourself with a lightsaber
If your face was any wider I could probably make a mean flapjack off of it.
If you don't your eyes will keep pulling farther and farther away from your nose.
You better study real damn hard and get a high-paying job, because you aren't getting by in life based solely on your looks. 
Your the type of person that takes a picture in front of a Star Wars poster to show people how geeky you are so they have something in common to circle jerk with you.  Go watch Big Bang Theory you fucking schmuck.
it doesn't get more german than this
Youre socially awkward enough to classify as european, you dive into reddit and sci-fi bullshit to avoid the painful bore you have become. 
use this to say   Hey /r/roastme, halloween is over!      Back to you.   I see that you're preparing yourself for the toupee you'll need when you get older.  
useful idiot
clearly your virginity is still in tact and you need to study so you can get a good job and get them gold diggers
You look like you have a secret and the secret is a poopy diaper.
That poster behind you gets more ass than you ever will. 
Your glasses are too big for your face. The space between your eyes is too big for your face. Your lower lip is too big for your face. Your eyebrows are too big for your face. Your forehead is too big for your face. Your nose is way, way, way too big for your face.  Your ears are okay, I guess.  
Might start by looking in the mirror.  But self analysis is questionable.  Your boyfriends all busy to night?