Sorry to hear about your disability, but you're not alone. More than 1.9 million children are born Swedish every year.
Do the meatballs taste different when they are made with asperger? 
Minecraft username?
Hey, at least IKEA will still hire you.
[Don't worry, there's a lot of Swedish autistic people who have gone on to honorable professions](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e7/The_Swedish_Chef.jpg)
Just because you're afraid to talk to girls doesn't mean you're autistic
Not to quibble, but when you say "Swedish" you don't need to add "autism" as it's implied. 
15, Swedish and autist? I bet your money management in CS:GO is unheard of.
[deleted]
Yeah,  we got the autism part
Roses are red, Violets are blue, I suffer from autism, look what i've drew.
You're like the epitome of pewdiepie's target demographic
Sweidsh, autist, let me guess serial 4chan shitposter?
Du liknar trollhttans grningsman.
I did not know you could see autism until now
How's the manifesto coming along? 
Nah bro, sounds like life roasted you pretty good already. 
I'm surprised you figured out how to post. 
I don't care that your autistic, my 14 year old son is Autistic and doing fairly well.  You should really worry that you have a face that just screams "PUNCH ME!".
it looks like life already did it's worst.
I don't think you needed to put autism in the title, trust me, we know
Don't think we can do any worse than what your genes have done.
I'm afraid nature has already one it's worse. 
Swedish, autistic, AND a faggot? Triple threat right here. Stop hiding under the bed. 
I'd roast you but you might find me and shoot up my school
So you're American?
You didn't have to tell us you're autistic. We can see that just fine.
/u/darqwolff_v2 basically?
Sounds like God already did his worst. 
Du ser ut som en dansk
You have the eyes of an active shooter.
You have nothing in your life to look forwards to.
You look like furious pete with down syndrome
Taking a look at you, I don't feel bad for you Swedes dying out due to massive immigration.
You didn't need to tell us you had autism. We can tell.
I thought I was about to see a roast of PewDiePie
god already did his worst when designing you
This can be used as a before pic for when you gun down a whole beach in the future.
If cover that face, maybe you'll finally get laid. Though I'd still bet on the gay Swedish country getting laid by a girl before you.
If 4chan ever gets a dictionary entry with picture, this will be it!
It'll be hard to top what life's done to you already.
You look like a kid who always picks chicken breasts from the fried chicken bucket because you're so entranced by the 240p female breast you saw two weeks ago before you cried in the bathtub.
You're autistic? Another roasted vegetable?? 
God beat me to it.
The title says autism but your eyes say I strangle cats.
I wonder what sucks more for you... being Swedish...or being retarded 
As it turns out, your mother asked for you to be "aborted', not "vaccinated"
I loved you as the pig in 'Minecraft'. 
Get off of Reddit and go do an informercial
You could replace krillin in dragon ball z, exept you were hit with an AUTISTIC BEAM CANNON!!! At birth
Don't know why we'd roast you, it's not like you'd understand the jokes anyway...
Autism is as fictional as your countries' military.  
So does that mean you're really short or have a tiny adults body or something?
It's not the least bit shocking that you have autism. 
it was hard for me to tell you were Swedish with your turban off, Achmed.
Difference between autism and his zit ?  Autism can't be seen
You didn't have to put that you have autism in the title,  its pretty obvious. 
We don't need to to anything, you're title is savage.
Your nose looks like it's trying to escape your autistic face.
i thought the autism part was obvious enough to go without say
[deleted]
Who are you fooling?  You're from Finland.  
[deleted]